1	Of course I went on the internet to look at the product and I have seen many reviews about this keyboard having problems and even images of the keys eroded .
0	I can program the keys and the backlighting is great You can even make the WSAD keys light up everything else off .
0	<p> Bright backlit keys .
0	Membrane Keyboard unlike the Razer BlackWidow so the keys feel a bit mushy .
0	Worked great keys are lightly coated and feel great to the touch similar to high quality soft tough plastics used in some car interiors . .
0	I had to pay for the shipping back to the manufacturer to get a replacement because the USB on it didn't work anymore and a couple keys were already not working or barely working . .
1	This was a great keyboard but to be first manufacturing line out and the first problem I have is keys not working .
0	Having keys like 's' and 'backspace' stop working is a huge deal . .
0	The backlighting on the keys look really nice and well lit . .
0	It'd very subtle on all the keys and looks like the keys are naturally glowing instead of being lit . .
1	The keys won't light when on standby or powered off .
0	It's halfway between a standard keyboard and a laptop's keys without being too close .
0	There is a macro program you can use to change key functions disable keys and enable macros that automatically activate when you start certain games .
1	The glaze mixed with short keys adds to typos .
1	It might just take getting used to as I moved from a standard keyboard with huge keys to this .
0	I actually like this keyboard quite a bit the only problems I have are getting used to the keys and that annoyingly bright num lock . .
0	<p> lighting is perfect on the keys and even though i play tons of games the S key is the only one even slightly worn after over a year and a half of use . .
0	For people who haven't memorized their keys I recommend to always keep the backlight on as the regular keys even with light around are hard to see . .
0	You can only feel a bit of a rubber texture don't think that the keys are completely rubber .
0	The Lycosa also has anti ghosting in its WASD cluster which means you can press multiple keys at once and it will register all of them and switching between various keys while depressing others registers instantly .
1	While this is an essential gaming feature I wish it was integrated in more keys . .
0	All the keys are macro programmable and though the software is a bit unwieldy that is an awesome feature .
0	The keys are low set but feel nice and punchy .
0	My only complaints for this keyboard are the weak backlighting options more colors please the anti ghosting limited to just the WASD keys and I would have liked another USB port .
0	All of my keys work and the feel of the keys is great in my opinion . .
0	I never slip off the keys and I like the audio connection for headphones . .
0	The keys are bright enough for me and it is very easy to macro . .
1	Unlike the Saitek the keys are not clear with cheap paint on them . .
1	After a few months all the paint had worn off my Saitek keys and you couldn't tell what was what .
0	These keys are coated in a black rubber or poly and then laser cut to allow the light through in the proper place .
0	<p> No weird shaped keys no misplaced buttons need full number pad home keys etc . .
0	The key action is not too deep keys have good tactile feedback and sensitivity is just about right . .
0	I bought this keyboard because I thought it looked nice with it's illuminated keys . .
0	It's a relatievly low profile and the keys are more like laptop keys but have a great feel to them . .
0	<p> Great rubberized feel on the keys .
1	As a side note to detractors talking about keys randomly not working make sure you are not accidentally disabling the keys using a built in macro I had that problem until I disabled the setting in the keyboards control software . .
1	I read too many reviews complaining about the rubber headed keys coming off after wear and tear .
1	The only other thing different is the low profile keys .
0	The keys are almost even with the board casing but they are slightly raised so you know whether you're touching key or case .
0	I've heard that the low profile keys have confused some users as far as missing keys but I find it an improvement over raised keys .
0	Low profile keys combined with the high gloss finish literally mean you're fingers fly over the keyboard .
0	Without the backlighting on the high gloss finish of the board makes it really hard to tell what keys are what if you're using sight as your guide .
0	I've read some reviews that said the backlighting was weak and they couldn't tell what the keys were if they were leaning back .
0	Biggest difference from most keyboards is the lower relief on the keys meaning keys dont travel as far . .
1	I sometimes get lost because the keys feel different with the lower relief .
1	Got a basic keyboard and that was bad because my computer is in a dark corner and I missed the illuminated keys .
0	The keys are flat meaning more even with the edges of the keyboard and have a rubber feel .
0	And for gaming purposes you can change the illumination from all keys to just the gaming basics of WASD .
0	I got this keyboard mainly for the lit keyboard feature but also like the non slip keys and being able to plug in my headphones to the keyboard . .
0	I can also see that after about a year the finish on the keys are going to wear off and I will be a sad panda .
0	its a goodkeyboard its fast and you can see the keys when lit just fine weather at night or in the day . .
0	The keys are extra grippy with a rubber like coding .
0	When I saw the keys lighting up man it was 7 year old christmas all over again .
0	After my Logitech G11 keyboard broke several keys stopped working I found this one .
0	I wanted a board with illuminated keys media control and programmable keys .
0	What tipped the scale in favor of this board was the non slip grip on the keys .
0	when you set the keys to light up wasd only they seem brighter but they are a lighter shade of blue it looks brighter .
0	i havent used the media keys but the keyboard looks and feels nice .
0	the keys are nicely sized and they don't feel to slick although the keyboard does attrack smudges alot . .
0	<p> Keys are really comfortable and easy to press . .
0	Similar to laptop keys but better . .
0	Pressing the keys are always a joy very minimal effort . .
1	Without backlighting keys are very hard to see .
1	Not enough shortcut keys however any keys are customizable . .
1	Media keys are useless .
1	Volume keys are almost useless .
0	Overall if you don't mind the media keys are comfortable with programing all your macros then this keyboard is for you . .
0	Keys are half the height of regular keyboards thus making it easier and faster to press .
0	though some of the coating on the keys has rubbed off from heavy usage this is kind of expected .
0	the lights are a little dim when you have it set it all keys but there are some hacks out there and tutorials on how to make them brighter Although doing so will most likely VOID YOUR WARRANTY so don't do it unless you want to take the risk .
0	Overall I'd definitely recommend this keyboard the keys on this keyboard is made of quality rubber unlike a small and cheap plastic logitech keys . .
0	If you're used to hard plastic keys while you game get ready for an all new experience .
0	When the lights are off the keys are less easy to distinguish however it's not too difficult to read them . .
0	However I must urge you not to mind the review below about the keys falling off or they stop working .
0	The keys are very securely attached and work just fine on my board . .
0	The keys feel great and the sensitivity means I am typing this review faster than I could have on other keyboards I have owned . .
0	The backlight is absolutely essential as the keys are very difficult to see with it off .
0	I wish you could change the keys that are backlit .
0	It is possible to accidentally change the backlight settings with the keys on the keyboard .
1	has a little bit of trouble using the media keys with itunes .
0	all the LEDs are still working which is good because you cannot see the keys without the LEDs to light them .
0	the alt keys on mine are sticking but i have already spoken to razer and they will be shipping me a new one .
0	I went with this particular Razer keyboard because I figured the glossy keys would not attract as much dirt as the other Lycosa keyboard with the matted finish .
0	This is a very slick keyboard literally The glossy keys tend to make my fingers slide over them a little but it is minor and I will adjust . .
0	The keys possess a light crisp feel . .
0	The keyboard possesses a flat touch panel above the right hand number keys for changing keyboard modes lighting off wasd lighting on . .
0	It has great looks the piano black finish and rubber keys are a nice combo . .
0	The blue backlighting is pleasant to look at as well and is even across all keys .
0	The back lit media keys are my favorite aesthetic components . .
0	The keys are very responsive and comfortable to type with although it does take a little while to adjust . .
0	Apparently adding LEDs obstructs anti ghosting so the feature is only available on certain keys WASD cluster and adjacent keys . .
0	this one does not have the glossy finish on the keys and wrist rest but the rest of it is still glossy .
0	also the back lighting on the keys is noticeably brighter on the Mirror Edition . .
0	The thing I like the most about this keyboard is the fact that the entire keyboard the keys light up blue .
0	the keys have a non stick rubber type grip to it making it great to use .
0	It works great has a nice feel and lighting of keys . .
0	The macro keys are very easy to customize . .
0	The non slip rubberized keys allow me to type faster with less errors .
0	If there is one thing I would change is the backlit keys .
0	The backlit keys are a very nice feature to have but they are just not bright enough for me but that is just my opinion . .
0	The keys are low profile but retain a good balance between sleekness and usability .
0	They grip your fingers much better than the typical Dell plastic keyboard which has no grip on the keys whatsoever causing your fingers to slip off frequently .
0	I like the decent blue backlighted keys . .
0	the keys are excellent for typing and have a very fast response time . .
0	I was mainly interested in the exceptionally high polling rate and also the fact of every key being customizable such as the ability to disable or assign macros to any key even the space bar or letter keys .
0	You're not going to break keys very easily unless well . .
0	As far as typing goes I LOVE the way the keys feel .
0	The keys themselves have a lowered notebook kind of look to them but they don't hold a lot of noise either .
0	Back lights look great keyboard feels nice and the keys press nice . .
0	<p> Keys are very responsive . .
0	The rubber finish on the keys feels great and the backlighting is just right . .
0	Works Perfect I am a major gamer and have been using a standard HP keyboard and this is a major inprovemnt if you are looking for a great keyboard then this is it However if your the type to just smash your fingers on the keys then go for the black widow keyboard also its very thin but to me that's a plus cuz I have a small desk .
0	Rubberized keys are very nice for long play the only down side is that when the lights are off you can barrly see the keys but why would you want to turn it off it looks to cool even in the day . .
0	The touch pannel is great and i love the laptop type keys a very asome keyboard by razer definitely pick this up if you are sick of having to turn your light's on to see what your typeing when your gaming . .
1	Another problem with it is randomly keys stop working so I'll be typing and one key won't type a simple fix to this is to unplug and replug the keyboard sometimes different keys will stop working when you do this but usually all of them will start working again .
0	Hair and crumbs or small pieces of paper will get stuck under the keys and I'll have to take off a lot of the keys to clean it out .
0	What sets this keyboard apart from your regular keyboard is the way the keys are set in they are flatter but feel very very nice on your fingers because of the rubber coating .
0	The rubber coated keys are awesome . .
0	Once you use them it's hard to go back to standard keys .
0	The keyboard is fairly quiet too the keys also have good bounce back . .
0	The rubber coating on the keys really gives the keyboard a nice feel .
1	The backlit keyboard looks amazing but as was said in other reviews when the lights are off you can hardly see the letters on the keys but hey I paid for a backlit keyboard and I use the backlight other thoughts Some complain about the finger prints left on the glossy case of the keyboard this doesnt really bother me becuase after all its a keyboard and fingers touch it all the time My wrist was sore the first time I used it playning an FPS but this is normal for me when switching to a new keyboard .
0	They're flattened out like laptop keys but also raised like a standard industrial keyboard . .
0	Keys light up so you can play without lights on and submerge yourself in the game your playing .
0	The back lit keys have a soft glow and the rubberized tops are excellent for preventing sweaty fingers from slipping during intense gameplay . .
0	Back lit keys perfect for late night gaming sessions . .
0	<p> Keys feel good . .
0	The readability of the keys is GREATLY enhanced . .
0	The layout of the keys is standard so you don't have to retrain yourself to something exotic .
1	Keys are starting to feel a little used up .
0	I like the slick design and especially the sensitivity of the keys when I type .
0	It allows you to create custom macros with certain keys for games just by going to the Lycosa Options that are installed from the disc i like the mirror finish although it requires quite a bit of maintenance to keep it lookin classy the back lit keys is what really sold me wanted the blue backlight to match my mouse and tower only complain is the buttons for media such as iTunes or windows media player not sure if the buttons got messed up or if i haven't updated they drivers for the keyboard the buttons no longer work for iTunes after downloading the current version of iTunes which is kind of a disappointment cause i hate having to alt tab out of a game if a song pops up that i dont feel like listening to at that time overall its a great keyboard .
0	The blue backlighting on the keyboard is perfect not too bright and it really helps to see the keys in the dark .
0	I use two slots and never lose connection from the keyboard to the computer it's reaction to the keys I press are instant and I have had no problems at all as far as pressing a key and getting an instant response .
0	The keys have a really nice feel to them and I have not noticed them wearing down at all it seems like they will last a long time . .
0	I also wanted to be able to easily reach the F keys while playing my many games .
0	Loved the look and function of the keyboard the back light is just right able to see the keys during the day with the room lights on and at night when I spend hours at the keyboard no problems with it whatsoever . .
0	Only dislike or negative comment would be that the rubber coating on the keys from body oil or just friction contact has worn through first the space bar where my thumb hits it then the N key and now coming up is the M key and some of the others are showing wear I wonder if the Mirror Lycosa would show less wear on the keys I have just asked Razer about it .
0	The keyboard continues to work like a charm and I would hate to give it up so I guess that I should shut up and buy a new one after 2 years of use I did ask if Razer would be able to supply replacement keys as they just pop off no answer yet .
0	I do wish there were a few more things added to the keyboard but I do love the rubbery feel the they keys it adds a sort of grip which is really nice when playing games and typing in general .
0	The keys have a nice rubber finish to them and a great key response . .
1	One of the reoccurring complaints about this board is the brightness of the keys or lack thereof .
0	I feel the keys are just the right brightness . .
0	The rubberized keys make it easy to stay on the keys and I don't have to press very hard for it to work . .
0	The backlighting is awesome bright enough that you can see it even in bright light and not so bright that you are blinded when you look at the keys in the dark .
0	The keys have very nice feel to them very pleasant to the touch . .
1	Second the keys are kinda loud .
0	Pros Backlit keys easy functionality rapid response . .
0	First of all its super comfortable to type with the keys press with very little force and they feel so soft . .
0	It has a nice glossy black with rubber keys . .
0	The keys are flat and low like a laptop's but they have enough spring in them to make it feel like a regular keyboard .
0	The keys are rubber coated adding a bit of friction so that your fingers don't slip .
0	I find the low keys to be good for gaming as it doesn't require as you can push down a key slightly faster than with a regular keyboard . .
0	The glossy finish and the rubber keys are fingerprint magnets .
0	If you don't know how to type then look for another keyboard because it is nearly impossible to see the keys when the lights are off or when you looking at a 45 or below degree angle .
0	The keys are much better than the Saitek . .
0	It feels kinda weird with my finger tips sliding across the keys so easily .
0	The keys are still perfectly legible and have not faded at all . .
0	The keys are also slightly difficult to see when leaned back but it is nice since it does not produce a huge glow that detracts from gaming .
0	I used to only use mechanical gaming keyboards since I liked the physical click of the keys .
0	This keyboard does not have that but I still greatly enjoy the easy depression of these keys and it's quick response . .
0	New one is in great condition though the keys don't feel the same sort of difficult to push at certain angles as my previous one and look different 2x larger text on individual keys I suspect it is a fake or just the style changed significantly since my initial one though the picture on Razer's website still looks like my old one rather than the new one I just received . .
0	I like the low profile and backlit keys .
0	The feel of the keys is good for my heavy hands . .
0	Well the keyboard and the keys are great quality and the blue lights are great but as I am typing this the touchpad is now broken and I have only had this for a week or so . .
0	But since it's been banged around a few times in my trunk I often find my keys turning into pitch black .
0	When that happens it's kind of a pain to find the LED switch to get my keys back .
0	Purchased solely for the smooth clean back lit keys and it's gotta be the best one on the market for that sole purpose . .
0	Pros Laptop style rubberized keys .
0	Rubberized keys begin to shown signs of use after awhile .
0	I can no longer see the A S D and W keys .
0	The keys have a great feel to them when typing . .
0	They are also more similar to laptop keys than traditional desktop computer keys in that they don't depress as much .
1	They are not as shallow as the keys on certain Mac keyboards though . .
0	The laser etched keys with blue back light make typing day or night a breeze .
0	In fact I've tried to find a viewing angle that makes the keys unreadable but the back light is sufficient even when viewing parallel to the keyboard .
1	The F keys tend to screw up my finger alignment I assume the left most column is ~ tab caps shift ctrl so if you're like me you'll appreciate the standard layout .
1	Very nice very fast however the coating on keys is the worst smears off too quickly with in a couple of hours of gaming something like this should last alot longer . .
0	It turned out to be a great choice The keys feel great with their rubbery texture and look great . .
0	The shiny part of the keyboard where the keys aren't collects dust but not fingerprints like I originally thought it would . .
1	This went on for about ten minutes some of the keys stopped working temporarily and the whole keyboard stopped working .
1	This makes perfect sense because the keys stopped working at the same time this happened . .
1	Most of the programmable keyboards I saw had the 'special' keys on the far left side which I can't easily reach when I play games .
0	For me this was great because I was able to turn the insert pgdwn block of six keys into programmabed macros for my online gaming .
0	It even let me bind macros programs to the print screen and pause break keys which most games don't let you bind actions to in game so they're wasted .
0	Oh yeah I was concerned about how hard it would be to 'program' keys being my first programmable keyboard .
1	I don't use the media keys and the biggest issue I've had is that a few times maybe 3 in 4 years the LED state will change and my keyboard backlighting will go off or switch to wsad mode .
0	A few times keys have gotten mechanically sluggish and I just blew gunk out from the keyboard and good as new .
0	This keyboard is very stealthy and the keys are very responsive . .
0	Sensitivity of the keys and the feel of it .
1	Another thing about this keyboard is i can't press 8 keys simultaneously which means i can't play some of my favorite games .
0	The headset mic ports on it work great and I've had no issues with the rubber on the keys peeling or anything like that . .
1	The only disappointment I have is that you can't disable the keys the keys lights are really dim except in the mode WASD and sometimes the whole keyboard won't work if you plug the USB into another USB slot maybe thats just my problem . .
0	The letters on the keys are bigger .
0	Keys are shinny plastic .
0	After typing on the keyboard for about a week one of the few things I've noticed is that the keys are really slick . .
1	I make alot of mistakes when I type since the keys are slippery .
0	The included program makes it easy to bind macros to anykey however the lack of macro keys makes you have to decide what keys you use and dont use in specific games .
0	While the Razer Lycosa doesn't offer any additional gaming keys this still has to be my favorite keyboard to date .
0	Standard layout all the keys are where I prefer them to be key presses are natural and the slight rubber coating makes this keyboard quite responsive . .
1	Also I had a problem with the number of keys that could be pressed at one time with my logitech keyboard .
0	The key feel is very comfortable to me however as a student I use a laptop for much of my typing so I prefer the feel of a laptop's keys .
0	laptop style keys are great and very responsive . .
0	the ability to macro any keys is really nice and simple to use . .
0	I have my gaming keys set to repeatedly spam on key press and i really like that it doesnt effect my typing ability .
1	not all keys are fully lit and that can be really annoying .
1	This might be just me but i HATE that the function keys are not aligned with number keys .
0	The criteria I had for the replacement was that it be wired I've tried too many flaky wireless solutions that it preferably have laptop style keys that it be relatively quiet so my wife can sleep in the next room and that the keys have a switchable backlight more on that later . .
0	The keys have a matte rubber finish that feels good under the finger tips .
0	It is interesting to note that when the keyboard backlight is in WASD mode that the lit WASD keys are significantly brighter than normal full keyboard backlight mode . .
0	If you need to be able to see you keys all the time look elsewhere .
0	Razer Tarantula Didn't like the industrial design as much and only the side keys were illuminated .
0	Did like the photo editing keys on the left side I'm a photoshop user . .
1	Didn't have laptop style keys .
1	Backlight was too ambient making keys harder to identify .
0	Keys felt a bit smaller than I'm used too when I was playing with one .
0	<p> Nice laptop style keys .
0	the flat laptop styled keys that are rubberized the slim profile the USB port comes in handy for flash drives headphone and microphone ports on the top don't use these often though the backlighting i heard it was very dim but mine is really bright and matches my PC's LEDs and Mamba .
1	I don't find the WASD lighting practical at all as your fingers cover them anyways and off makes the keys impossible to see unless you look closely .
0	The keys may be rubberized but the rest of the keyboard minus the wrist rest is made of a shiny plastic which tracks fingerprints and dust like no other .
0	yea the keys feel nice as they're rubberized and the backlighting is fine but it feels like razer just slapped the USB headphone and mic ports on it gave it a nice styling and slapped the words Gaming Keyboard onto the box to raise the price by alot . .
0	I had a hard time choosing between this and the Mirror Edition but I finally decided that the rubber coated keys would be a key advantage over the gloss .
0	Most of it was around the arrow keys but there was just SO MUCH WAX and I absolutely LOVE the Lycosa The rubber coating is great small profile is nice and the feel of the keys is comforting .
0	I saw all the complaints about the keys going bad after time and the like .
0	To summarize the keyboards attributes which stand out to me The media keys work flawlessly the rubber coating is very desirable the back lighting isn't so bright that it's blinding but instead is practical to use in any lighting environment overall appearance is intimidating with wrist pad attached and lastly but most importantly each key can be programmed with any macro you have . .
0	This keyboard is fully customizable EXCEPT for the media keys = .
1	I should note that the keys do not feel like a regular desktop keyboard . .
0	The keys feel really nice because of the rubberized texture . .
0	I was surprised by how good the keys felt . .
0	From a person that uses a computer a lot I must say that this keyboard is good for both gaming has many great features and also leisure computer use and typing the keys feel great and isn't hard on the wrists . .
0	through and through it is a very nice keyboard and only one keyboard has ever impressed me more although i cant emphasize how nice the keys feel and how attractive a keyboard it is . .
0	The only thing that is somewhat of a problem is getting used to the difference between regular keyboards and this one with the way the keys are .
1	I'm afraid the light up material might match the blue and all you see is a blue key since the keys aren't scratch proof . .
0	the keys have a good feel to them . .
0	the lights can be all shut off and it helps with increasing your typing speed nothing like having to type without the keys showing up i havent fiddled to much with the profiles on it but you can set every key to macro to what ever you want even a series of commands .
0	I've been typing for years but still can't reliably find the number keys for instance without giving the keyboard a looksee . .
0	The keys are impossible to read with the LEDs off even in decent lighting .
0	<p> LED keys make night gaming easy . .
0	If your a gamer power user your going to wear off the coating on the keys .
0	And you can't sharpie the letters back like a Creative Fatality or a key set with all clear keys . .
0	None of the keys have that 'laptop authoritative crisp' key stokes that you would normally expect from a higher end keyboard . .
0	I've had mine for an ages and like the above posted pictures my keys are unreadable .
0	It just comes down if you prefer the mechanical keys or not . .
0	If you find that mechanical keys are not you thing get this one I have both now and I just keep switching when I feel like it .
0	Great keyboard short keys make it easy to type faster positive feel on keystroke . .
0	Lights are not too bright but work very well in low light but keys are very lightly silkscreened so lights are needed to see lettering on them . .
0	The setting for WASD only make these keys stand out brighter than if all the keys were lighted overall excellent keyboard . .
0	I just got this keyboard about 2 weeks ago and let me tell ya it is great The keys are just the right brightness for me however I do understand and wish that Razer would have include some means of brightness adjustment . .
0	I like that it has non slip laptop keys .
0	<p> Non Slip Laptop Style keys .
0	All Keys but spacebar are lit when in all mode .
0	However the clicking noise when depressing the keys is load .
1	The only downside is the keys are attached by some rather flimsy plastic hinges .
0	As long as nothing pulls on or catches the keys it shouldn't be a problem .
0	The keys on the K800 have to travel a slightly larger distance to register and feel mushy by comparison .
0	Unfortunately I'm more than OCD enough for this to drive me crazy anyway but I put up with it because I really do like the feel of the keys . .
0	The keys are pretty flat but still somewhat weighted so you don't feel like you're tapping on a completely hard surface . .
0	I've noticed most keyboards these days are big and bloated the running theme seems to be the more keys we can add the better a deal it is .
0	However I've never relied on fancy keyboard function keys to get me through the day they only work half the time anyway . .
0	Soft flat keys responsive . .
0	This keyboard is perfect It's super sleek and it's very quiet to type on The keys are practically flat which gives it a nice look . .
0	The keys give a crisp response and have a nice almost indented feel so that the finger tips settle into them comfortably . .
0	The keys have a good length of travel for the minuscule depth and are quiet perhaps being good if I choose to implement my own typing sounds on the computer . .
0	<p> Feeling like laptop keys I crunched my fingers together rather than letting them sprawl like a regular keyboard . .
0	The spacing for some keys like the Ctrl & Alt keys is something to get used to as there is a Fn key between then . .
0	With the sleek design the keys are not tall . .
1	Finding the keys are undoubtedly more difficult than with conventional keyboards .
0	It has the great low profile keys that I love about laptops . .
0	The only thing that would make it better would be if it was bluetooth and possibly have backlit keys .
0	I also really loved typing on my laptop keyboard because of the feel of the keys so one of the features I was looking for was a similar feel in the wireless keyboard .
0	The keys are low profile yet are well spaced so you don't have to worry about hitting multiple keys each time .
0	As for function the keys have a more resistance than is comfortable considering the shallow depth of the strokes .
0	One of the quirks here that bothers me is that the feedback varies with certain keys so you'll get into the flow of typing at a fast rate and suddenly the keys respond differently .
0	The keys type easily almost like a laptop keyboard . .
0	I found this HP Elite set up with a wireless mouse and it looked intriguing because it sported the same low profile and oversize keys as the Logitec unit I saw in the store for $180 .
0	This keyboard is absolutely perfect The short stroke oversize keys give it that netbook laptop feel when you type . .
0	And the low profile is great for a desk or other flat surface where you don't have a keyboard tray or a wrist cushion to keep your hands from going T Rex on you while trying to keep your fingers positioned above the keys .
0	It is low slung with nice flat keys with wonderful tactile feedback and thus does not require a huge amount of desk real estate like some of the big clunk keyboards around do . .
0	The special keys such as the volume control for the soundcard work and are actually situated on the keyboard so that most users will probably take advantage of many of them .
0	The surface of the keys is very nice with a slight corrugated surface that speaks to quality of construction . .
0	It's one solid piece with the keys inset about 1 2 from the frame . .
0	The keys are labeled with large white lettering in the upper left and are pretty much flat with a very short travel .
0	Very very slim the keys feel like you're typing on a laptop which is something I always liked but couldn't find in a wireless keyboard that even came close . .
0	It is light weight and the low profile keys are durable . .
0	<p> no noise when you stroke the keys with is a plus . .
0	They keys are quiet and I have a numberpad attached which was one of my major requirements . .
1	The keys are not as soft as I expected it takes more pressure to type in it than you would on a normal laptop keyboard . .
0	Also the keys are fairly large and spaced out further than a laptop keyboard so it takes a little bit of an effort to get used to finger placement . .
0	I am used to laptop type feel on keyboard which tend to have firm keys as opposed to wobbly keys on tradition keyboards .
0	The keys are nice and firm which is greatt for heavy handed or unsteady hands . .
0	The fn keys work great windows 7 picks them up as the correct input . .
0	At first you may get double keys but the keyboard just needs to set in .
0	Also typing on it is different because the keys are very flat which is why I bought it .
0	The keys are flat and very quiet compared to my last keyboard .
1	However some of the secondary functions on the F1 11 won't work unless you have a certain hp computer but its better than hp making a whole bunch of keys and making the keyboard bigger .
1	It would be nice if the Caps Lock and Numeric Lock keys had mini LED's that would let you know the status of these keys .
0	Its so thin and sleek and the keys are the perfect size and stick out just right . .
0	The keys feel great when pressed they have a perfect spring back feel and sound . .
0	It has a nice skinny look the keys are all solid and it's so much better than using the laptop keyboard . .
0	The keyboard does not feel overbearing simple enough with just the right number of keys and size to do the job . .
0	<p> Keys are very sleek strokes are almost silent compared to traditional keys . .
0	i love the flat but raised enough to type comfortably chiclet style keys and the enlarged delete key . .
0	It has laptop like scissor switch keys . .
0	It means it has very slim and soft keys that don't require a lot of muscle to press them on . .
0	Also scissor switch keys are supposed to last longer than regular dome membrane most keyboard have this switch keys .
0	But once you get the feel of it your fingers will start flying or skating all over the keys .
1	Thankfully it works fine if you don't use the HP software however the media keys won't work without it . .
0	The volume keys however work regardless of whether you use their software . .
0	For people who will use this to play games you should know that because of the additional FN button on the bottom left for use with the media keys the spacebar only covers V through .
0	I like the feel of the keys and my typing speed is great . .
0	I say quiet loosely because I love to pound the keys but they are responsive and seem sturdy so hey I'm not too concerned . .
0	I like the bigger delete key and how there isn't any wasted space around the number and arrow keys .
0	Also the keys are much quieter with this HP when typing . .
0	I also like the more flush to the board keys rather than the ones that sit up higher as in the case of most keyboards and I much prefer having the USB receiver rather than the desktop transmitter system used by the MS keyboard wireless mouse .
0	I like the low key design feel like keys on a laptop . .
0	But this is totally depends if you like shallow keys . .
0	The keys feel firm but also do not make a lot of noise .
0	I like the feel of the keys much better than clickety clackety desktop keyboards . .
0	The only thing that bothers me is that it's hard to clean when I use a paper slightly wet paper towel to wipe the keys sometimes small pieces go inside in between keys .
0	I like how slim and compact it is and the keys operate smoothly and quietly . .
0	Volume controls work and have tested all other keys except the sleep key .
0	The keys are very soft and the best thing is its ability to be so quiet even when u a re typing hard . .
0	They keys are so small and light and I'm used to slightly larger keyboards .
0	I love the flat short keys . .
0	One thing that would really get me going is if the keys lit up .
0	Keyboard Keys are easy to find and are comfortable to the touch . .
1	The only Real con this board has the keyboard keys are not as durable as I would have liked it In the last couple months the ESC and 1 keys covering has come off and will not go back on witch makes it a bit of a pain when trying to type something you mentally have to dicipline yourself to press the right button . .
0	Overall this is a great keyboard Im hoping HP will just make a more durable keyboard down the road were you do not have to worry about the keys popping If need be I will probably just purchase another one if to many more go . .
0	Was looking for a slim keyboard with low profile keys thy were silent or partially silent and relatively inexpensive . .
0	Wish all the Fn keys worked on all computers some are HP Touchsmart PC only and I wish it had lock key lights such as caps lock number lock and scroll lock but with the minimalist design I can understand why their not there . .
0	The keys are soft to the touch very quiet and as others have compared it it really does feel like you are typing on a full size laptop keyboard . .
0	I am able to type quickly with good tactile response from the keys . .
0	<p> Keys are soft and quite . .
0	Function keys volume control mute computer sleep CD DVD eject etc .
0	The comfort the keyboard provides is astonishingly high and if you are a fast typer you will definitely be happy of the near flat keys as it improves your typing speed quite a bit without compromising accuracy . .
0	The keys are on the silent side which is a feature I really enjoy . .
0	The feel is very similar to a typical laptop keyboard due to the use of scissor switches under the keys .
0	I had an issue with that keyboard because there were small gaps between keys and if even a molecule of dust got in it would prevent the key from being pressed .
0	The keys have rims around them so that dirt does not get in as easily .
0	I have had no problems pressing keys down . .
1	The keys require the perfect amount of effort to press down . .
0	Also you do not have to press them very far down which is the sole reason I was drawn to the chiclet style keyboard over the classical fat keys .
0	All the keys are in their standard spots and shapes none of those silly huge Enter keys or small backspace keys .
0	There are no other dedicated multimedia keys however HP made a smart design choice . .
0	If for some reason you wanted to use this for a laptop there are brightness keys as well . .
0	It is a flat keyboard none of this ergonomic garbage where the keys curve all over the place . .
0	To have an indicator to let you know when you have pressed one of those keys you can do one of 2 things or both .
0	I now have visual popups for when I toggle any of those keys .
0	Unfortunately that doesn't solve the problem of a persistent notification about your toggle state but at least it lest you know if and when you press one of those keys by accident .
0	Less down motion when pressing the keys allows for a quicker gliding over the keys as you type . .
0	There is a subtle difference in key positioning for the HOME END PG UP PG DN and DELETE keys but nothing that you don't get used to really quickly .
0	I hope the above suggestions about the toggle keys has helped some people out . .
0	The biggest drawback I have with the keyboard is it's chicklet style keys very much like a netbook or mac keyboard . .
0	It takes awhile to get used to if you've used keyboards with more substantial keys but using the keyboard will get you used to it .
0	My fingers hurt a little bit the first couple weeks of using for longer periods but they are used to the spacing and action of the keys now .
0	One thing that would have been nice for this particular keyboard is a utility to assign keys for the mac os .
0	Also not all keys for functions at the bottom row with the space bar work as they should with a mac .
0	The feel and sound of the keys is just the way I like it similar to many laptop keyboards and the white lettering is quite legible .
0	I've also found that the 'spill resistant' design also leads to less dust and so on under the keys a definite plus .
0	The keys are laptop style with very little depth but this is easily overlooked and almost welcomed if you are used to typing on a laptop .
0	The keys have a great feel very much like a high quality laptop keyboard not the mushy kind are quite shallow and really deliver a lot of feedback when pressed which I find allows me to type about 50% faster than on a traditional deep key keyboard . .
0	No back lit keys but I don't really find this to be an issue .
0	<p> Keys are responsive and after about 5 minutes of getting used to it was fast as ever . .
0	I was fed up with dealing with a cord that was too short and keys that were loud I'm in a dorm and my roommate sleeps 10 feet from my keyboard .
1	But it's sleek and modern while still being practical except it doesn't have the capslock light i'm used to the keys press down just the right amount it's quiet and since there's no cord so i can take it off the desk and have room to do work .
0	MAN AM I GLAD I SPENT THE MONEY The scissor keys are so quiet . .
0	The keyboard was easy to install and the shortcut keys work perfectly with my computer without me even setting them up . .
0	I love the slight tap of the keys as I hit them .
0	The keyboard itself is exactly the right weight so as not to bounce around on a desk as I hit the keys .
0	For lovers of dedicated multimedia function keys forget it . .
0	On cheaper keyboard I find that the ink on the A and S keys tends to rub off after a while .
1	I guess I must hit these keys pretty hard . .
0	I was surprised that the ink is starting to rub off on these same keys with this keyboard too .
0	I am getting no skipped keys or doubling of keypresses and I type 180wpm according to Mavis .
0	I will admit that I was a little skeptical about purchasing this keyboard after reading some of the negative reviews about it not staying connected and how some of the keys came off or just stopped registering .
0	The keys feel just like laptop keys which I love and they are all normally spaced . .
0	Its extremely thin plug and play and best of all the keys are responsive quiet and cause little fatigue even after hours of programming or typing . .
0	Another thing that annoys is the Function key between Ctrl and Windows keys that gets in the way pretty often .
0	Not all scissor switch keyboards are created equal This keyboard feels like Apple slims and it has the keys in the right place for Windows Linux . .
0	It has a low profile and the keys are very responsive . .
0	The keys shine polished by fingers it tells how heavily the keyboard is used . .
0	The battery life is perfect the keyboard provides feeling of a laptop keyboard silent short moving distance for keys . .
0	Back pressure on the keys is nice as well as the sound of typing . .
0	The Ketboard is very thin and the keys are like a laptop so its easier to press the keys . .
0	It appears to have fairly sturdy construction and the keys depress effortlessly from their slim stature . .
0	The keys feel a little cheap but that's fine .
0	It also has all the keys I need and right where I need them . .
0	The feel of the keys is smooth and the response is instantaneous . .
0	The keyboard itself I like a lot it feels somewhat like a laptop keyboard but it feels sturdier and the keys doesn't clack noisily . .
0	It is good that while it's compact HP didn't sacrifice the number keys because I like using the number keys for fast numeric inputs . .
0	The key orientation takes a little getting used to especially for the Home End Delete Pg Up Dwn keys where the Delete key is slightly larger and these set of keys are oriented more on a vertical way than the usual 6 key horizontal format for most standard keyboards .
0	The keys are nice to type on and reasonably tactile and quiet . .
0	However the Logitech Solar keyboard's keys are much better . .
0	The Logitech's keys feel nicer to type on . .
0	These keys just respond so much more accurately to my faster typing .
0	I wanted a keyboard with quiet keys similar to a laptop and this since it's worked out great at home I figured it would be a good fit for my work environment . .
0	Easy to take of keys and replace them cleaning .
0	Good placement of keys particularly Pageup and Pagedown placement .
0	The special keys work on Windows 7 without additional configuration or the included software . .
0	It is lightweight and the low profile keys are very comfortable . .
0	Note that if you're traveling with it you may want to take out the batteries because the keys are easily pressed in transit .
0	The keyboard will discharge the batteries very swiftly maybe 15 30 minutes when the keys are constantly pressed .
0	I got this about 2 months ago and little to no problems at all keys show absolutely no sign of wear or nail marks for that matter . .
0	Not that I would go to college with an extra keyboard 0_o The feel of the keys was kind've coarse starting off but I got used to it .
0	Shortcut keys are great . .
1	except for the slight lag when you do certain keyboard commands you have to press and hold the keys for a while and when you use it after the PC has been hibernating .
0	It's quiet the key feel isn't bad the key layout is good like the enlarged Delete key and some of the special keys like the volume control work even though I haven't bothered to install HP's software yet anyhow . .
0	I was using an older wired USB Apple keyboard with my PC before this one with white keys and a transparent body which I chose because it didn't waste a ton of desk space . .
0	talk about sticky keys The replacement is identical to the original same look feel quality same functionalities etc .
0	All of the keys are in the right places no strange placements going on here and they don't add a lot of random keys either . .
0	But there are just a few additional keys like volume control which is really handy . .
0	<p> Keys are nicely sculptured . .
1	I will amend this after a year to let any know just how the battery lasts Too bad the keys aren't lit for nightime typing . .
0	<p> good spacing on keys . .
0	not a lot of extra useless shortcut keys but does have useful multimedia and sound keys built into the function keys . .
1	It's true the cap and num lock keys don't light up but as other reviewers have said the status is immediately evident once you are typing so no big deal .
0	Definitely a little different feel from the keys but I like it . .
0	Over all a great keyboard awesome battery life only draw back i can see is the lack of notification of lock keys and a blue light of doom on the USB receiver that can be easily covered with 1 .
1	2 The keyboard keys low profile which makes it a bit tough for me to type .
0	You can throw away the included CD and everything will work fine unless you want to use the alternate function mode of the function keys .
0	It's a low profile keyboard and the keys feel more like the kind you'd find on a laptop . .
0	They keys are very soft to the touch the look is very slim no cheap materials on it . .
0	These keys are beautiful . .
0	The length the key has to travel in order for a character to type is very short and the low profile keys means you can speed type by just sliding your fingers over the board .
0	It's not like the high profile keyboards that have a separation between the keys and the underlying circuity that wick away liquids if you spill it on them .
0	HP Elite is great it's quiet flat best part and the shortcut keys for volume and media are great 5 stars this keyboard earned it Recommended . .
0	The keys are flat well spaced and fell good to type on . .
0	Slim solid great keys great range . .
0	Function keys for media work great . .
0	Volume keys seem to control Windows system volume even if mapped to a media player so when you press 'volume up' the media player volume goes up along with the Windows volume simultaneously .
0	I purchased the Elite Book keyboard because I like the feel of the keys . .
0	The keys work well the wireless connection has not failed or even skipped once . .
0	It is a nice compact size while still having standard sized keys .
0	My only minor complaint would be that the placement of some of the non alphabet keys are not in the standard position which slows typing just a bit .
0	The keys are truly moisture resistant as my son spilled water on it and it is working fine .
0	However the Mac centric keys make it a compromise for PC users .
0	The battery life is excellent the size is perfect the tactile response of the keys is first rate and the placement works far better than other keyboards I've used so far .
0	Multimedia function keys like a laptop . .
0	<p> slim stylish keys . .
0	The volume keys could have been a bit better but they're functional .
0	its a great wireless keyboard the only bad thing i can say about it its that the keys are very soft touching and it has no way of knowing if caps lock or num lock is on or of in the keyboard but its a great product . .
0	It feels very good to type on although the keys have a much shorter travel than a normal keyboard it feels like I'm typing on a full sized laptop keyboard only the keys feel higher quality .
1	Also for some unknown reason they moved around the home end page up and down keys .
1	This takes a bit to get used to if you use these keys .
0	Also the receiver can be annoying because it has a clear window with a big blue ed that blinks when keys are being transmitted . .
0	It's supposedly spill resistant but there are little holes in the bottom under the feet into which whatever spilled on your desk will seep when you flip over the keyboard to spare the keys .
1	The labels began to wear off the keys within weeks .
0	Yet I LOVE this keyboard because it's so low profile and the keys travel so little and are so responsive that I can type for hours and hours each day everyday nonstop without my hands hurting .
0	Very easy keys to type . .
0	Typing feel is similar to a laptop cause the keys r flat I havent tested the spill proof part but Id rather not .
0	My son is a gamer and wanted a wireless keyboard with flush keys because standard IBM keyboard slowed him down .
0	The key action is precise and quiet and the placement of keys is conducive to efficiency and speed . .
0	I love it it's very quite the keys remind me of my laptop .
0	Be warned that some of your keys are going to be moved around .
0	Best option for a wireless keyboard with flat keys for PC .
0	2 All the keys are nicely sized including the F keys and placed I like the big delete key layout typical to Logitech but not for Microsoft . .
0	3 While it comes with a CD for the software you do not need to install it the function keys still work even when you do not install the software . .
0	Another plus here is the function keys work just like on a laptop you have to hold down the function key to use them which i like a lot . .
0	I was going for a keyboard that has a feel just like my laptops and not like the old style bulky keys . .
0	Also it is very easy to type with the lowered keys .
0	The keys are not raised very high which takes a little bit of getting used to .
0	Would probably not recommend for a traditional desktop workstation set up because the feedback from the keys is minimal the angle the keyboard sits at is a little awkward and the this product's best features its small profile and light weight aren't all that important if its just sitting on a desk .
0	It is made of plastic and after prolonged use I am quite sure the small Symbol stickers and the matte finish on the keys will wear somewhat .
0	As far as extra features and shortcut keys there are several Function Keys .
0	The keys make little noise and the volume control and media buttons are nice .
0	The home and end keys are crucial for fast cursor navigation around documents but for some reason they're stuck up at the top of the block far away from the arrow keys . .
0	This is very irritating when you reach up to hit them from the arrow keys which is almost always how you use them .
0	They did a good job on the low profile aspect keys have a laptop like feel . .
0	But the balance of the actual board is off and the keys are missing some basic features that you might be used to in other keyboards .
0	As someone who learned to type on a typewriter what's that right I find the ease with which the keys move and the near silent operation even when furiously typing to be just terrific . .
0	The keys push down with very little force and the layout is great .
0	I love it for being so sleek and I love the feel of the keys . .
0	The keys may take slightly more effort to press down than a laptop's keyboard keys but it definitely takes less pressure than a regular keyboard .
0	It is also nice that it has a full complement of keys including the number pad unlike laptop keyboards it also comes with an FN key which is pretty nice although I am not entirely sure the functions work because they do not seem to work for me but I may have to play with the configuration files in order to actually achieve some results or something like that . .
0	Big keys quiet and smooth . .
0	The keys themselves are awesome in both size and tactile response . .
0	It was no frills compact and I loved the way the keys felt . .
0	Since I didn't have this problem on any other keyboard I figured it was due to the low profile keys on this one .
0	<p> no missed letters The keys are more raised than the HP Elite which I suppose is better for my typing style . .
0	No extra keys that I won't use .
0	This is a minimalist keyboard but with full size keys and has arrow keys in the right place instead of cramped vertically to save space that's a big deal for me since I spend a lot of time sans mouse .
0	It has quiet ultra low profile keys and a minimalist design finally Windows hardware manufacturers are catching on to the Apple phenom so it saves space on my desktop . .
0	Keep in mind that it does take a little getting used to because the keys are so flat .
0	<p> Keys are just like a laptop with a really nice tactile feel spill proof and all the keys you need to operate your PC along with simple volume control . .
0	Occasionally it gets into a mode in which it misses some keys that I type and doubles up on others .
0	The function keys double as media keys and they work with Windows Media Player and iTunes .
0	You have to hold down the function button while you strike those keys which is a bit awkward but it does the job .
0	There are independent keys for volume control and muting and these don't require the function button .
0	There are no quick keys for internet favorites or windows explorer .
0	A couple of programmable quick keys would have been a great feature but I'm glad they didn't overdo it and make the keyboard bigger .
0	These keys are very shallow and responsive .
0	If you transition between this and other keyboards that have keys that are a normal depth stroke you might have trouble .
0	The keys require very little effort to press so you can really lay down text at a rapid pace .
0	The keys also feel like they are mounted well for instance you can push on the very outside corner of the space bar and it will go down unlike some keyboards that are very resistant to off center keypresses . .
0	There is no software to install no caps lock num lock lights and no assignable function keys .
0	There is an Fn button so the function keys can double as navigation buttons for a media player start stop pause eject .
0	The F10 F11 keys have screen brightness icons which I assume is a carryover from the HP Elite PC series .
0	I replaced the old one I bought in 2010 cause the keys are all loose already due to typing condition for 2 years .
0	Keys The keys feel great . .
0	They're like regular laptop keyboard keys looking quite a bit like Sony laptop's key style . .
0	The keys are a bit bouncier though than most regular laptop keyboards .
0	This makes typing feel more responsive and makes hitting wrong keys less likely . .
0	The keys hold up to extended use pretty well .
0	I received one that seems to contact poorly in the middle with the table so that when you type on any of the keys near the center of the keyboard g h spacebar etc the keyboard will make a slight clicking noise as the bottom of the keyboard hits the desk .
0	very slim and sleek buttons are shallow very much like the keys on my Mac keyboard which is what i wanted . .
0	Was looking for something with quiet chiclet style keys and a small footprint and it's exactly that . .
0	The keys are responsive but slim and the adjustable feet on the bottom help to give it a slight incline for comfort . .
0	I love this keyboard It's super thin and light and the keys are quiet The keys are just like laptop keys HP did a great job with this keyboard . .
0	All of the keys and functions work beautifully and I'd recommend it . .
0	I have been looking for a keyboard that is slim and has keys more like a laptop keyboard and this is it . .
0	If you do not like the keys on a laptop this keyboard is NOT FOR YOU but if you are like me and do like slimmer keys then this is it . .
0	This keyboard is nice however the flat keys took time getting used to . .
0	If you have large fingers I would recommend a keyboard with more protruding keys .
0	I like the feel of the keys when typing and it works well . .
0	Only thing that would make this keyboard even better is if it had backlit keys .
0	The choice was made on the basis that I needed larger squarer keys .
0	I was interested in getting a wireless keyboard for better positioning portability plus getting away from the standard high profile keys as I make a lot of typing mistakes with the conventional keyboard .
0	The low profile keys and spacing help this perform in some ways like a chiclet style key board so my typing errors when using this product have been notably reduced .
0	My fingers fly across the keys It is brand new .
0	Not to small but elegantly neat and keys are not loud . .
0	The feel of the keys is very similar to a laptop keyboard .
0	Typing is very smooth on this although I do wish that the keys had a little bit more definition simply because I find myself slipping a little to the wrong key .
0	Ridiculously thin awesome not a fault and no yards of extra space around the keys with 18 million buttons you'll never use .
0	Only need to install anything if you want to reconfigure the Fn keys .
0	Not the usual standard keyboard layout with repositioned insert home end delete page up page down keys .
0	This keyboard is great its slick and wireless and the keys on it feel great . .
0	The keys are tight so there isn't too much junk that works into the keyboard .
0	Not sure how difficult the larger keys would be I've never had luck w the stabilizer bars under them but my 'g' key is now good as new .
0	Pros No drivers to worry about long battery life six months to a year sturdy design for such a slim keyboard no issues with keys that stick or fall off . .
0	The keyboard is sleek and lightweight the keys have the right amount of tension from underneath scissor switches and the keyboard itself doesn't take up much space on a tabletop it also works well balanced on the lap . .
0	I have no problems with any of the keys or the lights not working . .
0	Light up keys work great use them all day not just night . .
0	The only negative factors are lack of backlighting and no dedicated HTPC keys . .
0	The HTPC keys that I'm looking for are the stop play forward reverse functions .
0	My IOGEAR GKM561R has these HTPC keys .
0	Special keys like home volume or the great two fingers touchpad browsing work as well . .
0	The Backspace Enter and Right Shift keys have been shrunk .
0	The only con really is the keys are wobbly each one feels like a platform sitting on a wobbly pier .
0	This isn't enough to make it a poor or bad quality keyboard but still even the cheap Logitech K360 I own has better keys and I personally don't really like that keyboard at all glad I paid 15 bucks for it . .
0	I've tried the tiny keyboards with blackberry style keys and a tiny touchpad .
0	<p> Keys that are large enough and close enough to normal spacing to allow touch typing . .
0	It allows you to set all the settings you like plus assign macros to the F keys etc .
0	Logitech are you listening Move the key arrangement so the arrow keys are separate perhaps under the touchpad and the right Shift key is correctly proportioned .
0	It also has limited dedicated multimedia keys although you can reprogram the Function F1 F12 keys but that's a sort of compromise . .
0	Wanted to order this product first but the shipping part of it on amazon said it wouldnt ship until 1 3 months so i ordered another wireless keyboard gearhead and the letter keys would type numbers the seller of that product was extremely helpful and accepted the return .
0	The keyboard has a great layout the keys are a good size and feel pretty good to type on . .
0	The quick media keys on the PS3 keyboard are just duplicates of the left and right arrow and Enter key respectively and provide no extra function .
0	Dedicated Arrow keys needed to navigate the Playstation menu system .
0	Dedicated Function keys F1 and F2 are needed to emulate Triangle and Square button presses .
0	No dedicated Page Up Paqe Down Home End or Print Screen keys .
0	The fact that the arrow keys are not separated from the other keys makes them harder to find when you're not looking directly at the keyboard but thankfully they put them in the lower right hand corner so they're easy to locate once you get the feel and remember where they are .
0	That gives me two easy to access keys to Play Pause media as well as an easy way to access the media menu right click . .
0	The volume mute keys the touchpad including single touch to point and dual touch to scroll .
0	I admit it is a little ligjtweight and the keys are a little small so I'm not going to write the Great American Novel with this but for a simple wireless KB that works with no problems in Ubuntu I recommend this keyboard .
0	I tried the IOGear GKM561R didn't like the trackball Rii Mini Wireless Keyboard didn't like the touchpad Lenovo N5901 Keyboard weird form factor and very tiny type with no back lighting made the keys hard to read and even the Logitech diNovo Mini Bit of a learning curve touchpad can be wonky no F keys .
0	If you can live without backlighting and dedicated media keys though you can map the F keys to various functions in the Logitech Setpoint software and get past the size this is a great alternative . .
0	Yes the keys are a little crowded and take a little getting used to and the shift and several other keys are small but overall it is a great keyboard and I love the tiny unifying receiver .
0	The only con not really a con is that the keyboard is not small enough to use your thumbs but not large enough to have all the keys standard size takes some getting use to . .
0	big enough so the keys aren't miniature although my hands are medium in size for guys . .
0	as some other review pointed out already the right shift key is very poorly located separating by the arrow keys .
0	they are share keys with the arrows on this keyboard .
0	i may look into the possibility of programming some of these keys to a different functions .
0	Usually wireless keyboard mouse combos are flimsy or have substandard keys and trackpad .
0	The touchpad and all the keys on the keyboard work perfectly . .
0	To me that's perfect because the only function keys I ever really use are to control the volume anyway . .
0	Typing with it is comfortable the keys only have a slight cheap feel to them . .
0	The keys are a bit small for normal size man hands the arrow directional keys being so close and unfamiliar I have to consistently look where I'm pointing .
0	Problem is that my HTPC is behind and to the left of me but still less than 4 feet away and that keyboard has to be pointed at the USB dongle to work It's funny to watch it too because when I'm not pointing the front of the keyboard at the dongle but continue to type I can tell the pressed keys are being buffered because as I turn the keyboard they quickly all get sent and the system catches up with what I typed .
1	I wouldn't recommend this non standard keyboard for every day use as the keys are smaller and they are laid out in some of the strangest ways .
0	The keyboard is of average width and length and the keys are fairly standard for a laptop style keyboard . .
0	It's light small the keys are responsive and the single and two finger touchpad functionality scrolling etc . .
1	Some of the keys are smaller so you might find yourself making some errors until you get used to the layout .
0	This means you can rest the keys and touchpad across your lap or coffee table in a single unit .
0	I would gladly pay for backlit keys . .
1	Unlike the comments from many who have reviewed this product as a Media Center keyboard I would not recommend it as a good media computer as the keys and hand controls are just not as well suited for HDTV control . .
0	For work it's a little hard at first to get used to the cramped keyboard with the awkwardly placed Shift and Control keys but it's not something you can't for the most part get used to .
0	<p> Keys feel great they are not too clicky sounding and touchpad is responsive without being overly sensitive . .
0	My husband uses it and he loves the way it types the feel of the keys and the ease of use . .
0	it has the volume on it and you can customize keys on it too .
0	And the media keys worked out of the box . .
1	As for negatives the media keys are quite limited .
1	The keys feel pretty loose . .
0	This particular keyboard has good feel to the keys and has an overall good feel . .
0	<p> customizable keys and scrolling settings .
1	omg I have to press two keys to page up and page down ugh hard work is hard work .
0	no media buttons even though you can use space for pause and other keys for the same functions in many media applications .
0	Overall if you want to browse netflix on your tv or have a htpc and don't have a stick up your butt about media keys this thing is cheap and just plain awesome .
0	Some keys are small like Shift and Enter But it is fine as i do not need this for longer typing chatting etc . .
0	Having smaller than usual keys is tricky enough but even keys such as shift and tab are a lot smaller about the same size as normal letters and this takes a lot of time adjusting to . .
0	This keyboard is great having the mouse integrated into the keyboard makes things so much easier no regrets at all with my purchases only reason I did not give 5 stars is because the keys are sort of small not a deal breaker though highly recommended to anyone looking for a wireless keyboard with a integrated mouse .
0	In I'm assuming an attempt to make the keyboard more compact keys are smaller than a regular keyboard most notably the right Shift key . .
0	But at no point did I feel cramped while typing nor did I hit the wrong keys .
0	I think this would be a perfect keyboard if the right shift key was the same size as the left and the arrow keys moved below or above the touchpad .
1	The keys feel strange and typing any amount of text will likely result in a lot of fat fingered mistakes .
0	Some essential keys are relegated to function keys like Home End and Page Up Down .
0	The keys are a little small but not too small .
0	Home end PGUP PGDN are delegated to Fn Keys on the arrow keys .
1	The following keys are a bit too small which can be annoying and or hard to get used to Right shift Enter and Backspace .
0	The following keys do not have dedicated keys but rather share keys with other functions and must be accessed by pressing the function key Page Up Page Down Home End . .
0	There are a few keys that are a bit small and can be frustrating at first but with all the good things this product has going for it I am able to overlook those minor annoyances and overall this is a solid piece of equipment that is very versatile it gets the job done and it doesn't look half bad either .
1	The only thing Id put on it to improve it is Back lighting the Keys .
1	The keys are far too small and without back lighting it is impossible to really tell what you are trying to do .
0	This larger keyboard is more the size of a notebook computer keyboard allowing me to touch type while its larger size also makes it easier to see the keys in dim light although all of the keyboards intended for this use could benefit immensely with some back lighting of the keys . .
0	It is also a size that makes it easy to store on an end table or to type on when in your lap but NOT SO Small that it gets easily lost in the covers or makes me feel like I am all thumbs and or need to put on my reading glasses just to read the labels on the keys .
0	this keyboard is not exactly full size perhaps it is 70% of the size of a normal keyboard with the keys being a tad cramped .
0	It's small lightweight and the keys have that typical nice touch to them . .
1	The keys are smaller than normal which makes touch typing difficult .
0	just wish it was a little bit larger to accomodate full size keys or better spacing of them so I'm not so cramped when I type . .
0	The keys are almost identical in shape to the k750 but are slightly smaller and packed together a bit i assume to save space .
0	Some cite the lack of backlit keys as the downfall that would only lead to rapid acceleration of battery depletion so they did it right by not including that feature on a battery powered device .
0	You can go to Logitech's website to download drivers that allow you to check the keyboard's battery levels and change the touchpad's speed hot keys up to 11 of them and other options . .
0	You can set up the hot keys to launch programs or do other actions like change the volume go back one page in your web browser etc . .
0	2 I don't like the small enter right shift backspace keys and I don't like having to push two buttons to access home and end which I use a lot especially since it's harder to scroll quickly with the adjusted touchpad . .
0	Typing is smooth and flawless with a good weight to the keys . .
0	I like the feel of the keys and the size is large enough to give me some freedom when typing . .
1	It should have had multimedia keys .
0	The keys aren't backlit which would have been nice but I'd rather save the battery life and frankly I find the two finger scrolling to be a little clumsy .
0	Except the keys for volume and a couple other functions don't match my Samsung TV .
1	I had to label these keys .
0	Also in a perfect world the keys would illuminate . .
0	The keys are full sized chicklet style yet the arrangement makes it seem they are smaller .
0	While it is possible to touch type on it I found that the position and size of the right shift key in proximity to the arrow keys made it difficult to type at speed without hitting an arrow key and jumping around in the text .
0	If I had to be picky I'd say I'd prefer Logitech add numeric keypad keys dedicated back forward buttons like five button mice have dedicated home end page up page down keys and had gestures touch regions on the trackpad for performing a task like my synaptics touchpad does on my laptop . .
0	While the keys ARE somewhat smaller I don't have a problem with this .
0	The keyboard feels solid the keys are responsive the touchpad works good the media keys previous play next mute volume down volume up are very handy and i use them constantly . .
0	One gripe is that the backspace and delete keys aren't standard sized so web browsing and text input can take some getting used to if this is a HTPC though you probably won't be doing much text input .
1	The only things that I do not like about it are the keys are a little stiff but will loosen with wear . .
0	The keys are squished a little bit but its like any laptop or netbook keyboard the mouse track works great and it has volume controls home button and a left click button on the upper left of the keyboard this button comes in handy when you're using the keyboard as controller .
0	The keys feel great to type on and the range is twice as good as my last few . .
0	0 it is easy to remap the keys . .
0	Has dedicated keys for Mute Vol Up Vol Down and Home . .
0	As of this writing you can customize 11 available Function keys to do the following Windows commands F12 is reserved for Scroll Lock . .
0	PROS Works out of the box AA batteries power it works from almost 30 feet media keys are functional on windows and my galaxy s3 .
1	No next previous play stop media keys .
0	Additionally the trackpad sensitivity complains can be resolved by turning off tap to click and people with complaints about the small keys should have known they were buying a small keyboard .
0	Limited special keys on top row even though there is room . .
1	The shit key which is quite annoying and the lack of other media keys even though there is plenty of room for them is what keeps this from getting 5 stars but I would still recommend it .
1	In addition the keyboard layout is quite awkward on the right hand side the arrow keys are wedged in next to the shift key so I can only shift with my left hand . .
0	the keys are a nice size and I'm not experiencing any signal dropouts like my last keyboard inflicted on me . .
0	Before ordering I found myself wishing there were direction keys separate from the keypad but the ones that are part of the keypad work great .
0	<p> Keys have a solid feel to them a little bit of spring . .
0	Another thing to note is that the keys are a bit smaller than a normal keyboard to make it more amenable to living room HTPC use .
0	Keyboard has an okay feel wouldn't write a thesis on it but very usable for HTPC keys have a good solid feel and keyboard feels well built . .
0	You can scroll tap the right and left button like you see on a laptop are also present The thing that I liked was if you need to open a folder you just have to tap on the touchpad it's way better than having to click on the physical keys .
0	If you download the support software from Logitech you could enable a number of shortcut keys with the Fn key .
0	The layout of the keys is a little weird in which buttons the decided to make smaller because of the built in track pad but that is just a little adjustment the user has to make much like transitioning from a full keyboard to a laptop keyboard .
0	I've also tested this keyboard to work fine with Macs although the special keys like Apple Alt may be a bit confusing . .
0	The keyboard is obviously smaller than the typical desktop keyboard same or bigger than typical laptops but comfortable enough to use regularly aside from the right shift section that you may mistakenly hit with directional keys .
0	Has all the function keys so I can maximize minimize the browser among other thing .
0	The television is internet connected with a web browser but trying to type anything using the arrow keys on the included remote was terrible So I did a little research very little and quickly ordered the keyboard .
0	The keyboard is almost full size with nice keys . .
0	As long as you don't plan on writing a novel on your TV the slightly smaller than full size keys are pretty usable . .
0	Also you may want to remap the Windows Command and Alt Option modifier keys for a more Mac like layout .
0	I'm not all that fond of the keys but this wasn't meant to be used to work on daily . .
0	I don't imagine the keys popping off after extended use but it suffices for TV keyboard use .
0	The Logitech K400 is small but has full sized keys with large bright labels that are visible in low light . .
0	It's pretty easy to find software to remap keys though .
0	Setpoint allows you to map the fn F keys to very useful functions . .
0	The keyboard is smaller that I expected and the keys are a bit rough but that is what you get for this price .
0	I wished the K400 had media keys FF Play etc .
0	This keyboard excels at all your computing needs as long as you don't need dedicated media keys because it has dedicated controls for volume only . .
0	I'm using it on an ubuntu machine and it synced fine the windows key launched the menu like it should with no programming the audio keys worked with no programming . .
0	The keys are a little small and the layout is tight but nothing too difficult to adapt to in a small amount of time .
0	This works well although I am still getting use to the smaller than full size keys .
0	In my judgement Logitech would have done better to keep primary keys normal size and spacing standard instead of the roughly 75% standard size they are on this one and simply removed dedicated navigation keys and number keypad and used the space from those removed keys for the touchpad and reduction in keyboard size . .
0	Smaller than necessary form factor results in slightly undersized keys and abnormal key proportions that make errors more likely with larger hands or long fingers .
0	Works fine although it's a PC keyboard and there are obvious issues with how the keys map to a Mac .
0	It has great distance and the keys feel like a normal solid keyboard . .
0	no software all hot keys work out of the box i am very pleased with yet another logitech product . .
0	It is smaller than a regular keyboard but a little different than my laptop keyboard so I am still hitting the wrong keys at times .
0	It makes it a whole lot easier to navigate the Smart TV section within my TV it beats using the arrow keys on my remote .
0	I am a big man with big hands and don't have any trouble with the size of the keys .
0	The keys are slightly smaller than a normal keyboard but I am finding it surprisingly easy to type on .
0	The keys are not the best in the world but they work well to type in websites facebook posts or any other short typing needs you may have . .
0	The keys feel similar to a laptop keyboard but that's not a bad thing .
0	It is very responsive the keys have a good tactile feel and I have zero problems with the trackpad doing anything I don't want it to . .
0	Great product use it for my tvpc have some complaints with the arrow keys but nothing major if that can be improved this deserves a 5 .
0	The mouse is easy to use and the keys are smooth . .
0	Overall compact size with all the regular keys .
0	Great Function and Shortcut keys with Windows 8 you get even more .
0	Keyboard is pretty good but I prefer the chiclet style keys on the Logitch K750 better preference . .
0	The keys are responsive . .
0	Great product use it for my tvpc have some complaints with the arrow keys but nothing major if that can be improved this deserves a 5 .
0	I assumed I would eventually start using it for a home theater setup and liked the large keys and built in touchpad . .
0	Mouse moves at acceptable speed two finger scrolling volume keys all work and required no tweaking from me . .
0	Size The keys are 91% of a standard keyboard as measured .
1	The keys don't have a great feel to them a little mushy but they are quiet . .
0	I also would have liked the keys to be backlit but that would slaughter the battery life and some folks don't like backlit keys . .
0	A little better feel on the keys and maybe a K401 model with backlight for those of us who like it and it's total victory . .
0	The keys are just something that I have to get used to .
0	Does have a few media keys which are helpful . .
0	Keys are laid out as good as they can be for the size of the board and touch pad is pretty good .
0	Very lightweight keys are easy to press touchpad works very well . .
1	My only wish is that they would add an option to have the keys lit with an on off switch where it wouldn't wear down batteries unnecessisarily .
1	the only issue i have with mine is the I and U keys are reversed .
0	WMC shortcuts on the IOGear are accomplished via function keys . .
1	The keys and the mouse buttons work but the trackpad isn't responding .
0	Also due to the compact size of the keyboard the placement of the arrow keys seems a bit off .
0	When typing the quality of the keys seem below standard for a Logitech keyboard .
0	Compact design means keys are closer together .
0	I also didn't notice in the picture that the right shift key is the size of every other key and close to the arrow keys and it leads to a lot of me pressing up instead of shift so instead of a capital I go to the beginning it's very frustrating . .
0	The complement of keys is comparable to any decent laptop keyboard . .
0	This is by far the best one yet and it is half the price My Adesso keyboards would constantly skip keys and I am not that fast of a typist .
0	The touchpad takes the place of where the number keys are usually grouped and there are the standard two button setup at the bottom .
0	The keys themselves feel just about right .
0	If anything the keys are a bit stiffer than most keyboard but this is a very quiet keyboard to type on .
0	There is one major feature that I wish the K400 came with standard and that is backlit keys .
0	It's both lightweight and the keys are well organized for quick and painless input . .
1	It's probably about the size of a netbook keyboard but the keys also make it easy to mistype . .
1	Keys are squishy and depress too deep .
1	Deep depression of keys means key mishits can happen .
1	It'll work but frequent mishits and the mushiness of the keys don't make for a great typing experience .
0	its a compact keyboard and it shows it in the picture I'm not going to drop stars because it doesnt have media keys LOOK AT THE KEYBOARD .
0	You can do a lot with the arrow keys but practically speaking you still need a controller or a universal remote .
1	touchpad is great the keyboard is fine but the backspace and right shift keys are a little small . 	.
