1	the same one I bought a few years ago: The  keys are much louder  on this one and also not as soft to the touch.
1	Just discovered this, that this keyboard's  keys is prone to failure .
1	And she bought a new one, same model, and that too,  keys started failing .
1	Of all things about a keyboard, if the  keys start to fail , it's the worst.
1	Was able to install anyways only to discover that several  keys didn't work .
1	I was looking for a keyboard with backlighted keys.
1	I received it and it is NOT visible in poor lighting, despite the claim of the big white lettered keys!
1	Great little device, but a number of the normal keyboard  keys are either missing  or missing functionality.
1	The other problem I have with this keyboard is that the "J", "U", "H"  keys sometimes do not work .
1	I  had to hit those keys harder  to ensure those keys work.
1	As any new keyboard there's a learning curve and it takes a little time to get used to and find the keys, however I still today  constantly miss keys  nd though I really like some of the other functions am contemplating going back to the ugly cream coloured ergo board.
1	I'm giving this keyboard one star because ultimately a keyboard primarily  needs to have keys that are comfortable for me  to use and don't impede my input.
1	I found the keys on this keyboard to be way too "spongey", meaning that the  keys press down quite a ways  then don't spring right back up.
1	I found myself  having to press the keys harder , and that would then slow down the next key press.
1	I've owned three of these, and all have at least 2  keys that don't work  without having to bang hard on them.
1	If you spill any amount of liquid on this keyboard whatosoever, individual  keys will stop responding  within minutes and you'll need a replacement.
1	The keys work smoothly and have some hot keys, however I will never use some of them on the Mac so I cannot comment on the keyboard's full potential.
1	Was really excited about having a compact keyboard with backlit keys for my home media center, but the range proved to be a problem.
1	It has been widely reported and I will confirm: The N key is wider than the other keys (to fill in space) and the mechanical trigger for the key is in the center rather than towards the right where you typically hit the key.
1	It works (connects easily and every time) and it's nice to have the laptop style trackpad built-in, unfortunately the  keys are cramped  for serious typing.
1	On my first one the left Ctrl key, the letter V, and the  comma keys all died .
1	First the  keys went "soft"  where they were visibly sunken down and felt less clicky & springy, and then one day they just no longer worked.
1	The media keys at the top are nice, and you can customize them a fair bit when you install the Intellikey software.
1	Things you should consider: Microsoft uses an "F-lock" key design, where the F  keys along the top are not enabled  until you hit the F-lock button.
1	MS keyboards (especially this one) are very wide and use a ton of space to the right of the arrow keys, mainly for the number pad.
1	The keys feel nice and are pretty quiet.
1	I like that you can create your own shortcuts for each of the top function keys, and the zoom and back/forward buttons are nice to have (though the back/forward buttons are too far down and my mouse already has those).
1	Just plugging the receiver the keyboard started work right away, which is good, but not with full functionality: the grey function  keys at the top are not functional , and the mouse click wheel button is not functional.
1	The keyboard is much smaller (and as a result less ergonomic)  - they have managed to do this because the  keys are smaller  and placed closer together (especially the arrow keys!
1	The page up and down keys use to be by themselves and now have an insert key right next to them which is annoying.
1	the one i received did not have a sticker on the box and the  keys were hard  plastic.
1	You need really big hands and really long fingers to be able to reach all the number keys.
1	The  keys are very slippery  and my fingers were constantly sliding off them.
1	And if you like to lower the lights while you're browsing the web, you'll be constantly holding the keyboard up to the light because the  keys are not backlit .
1	Well, to my surprise, it does take an unexpectedly strong stroke to get a space compared to the other keys.
1	The other "extra"  keys haven't gotten much use  yet, but as I ramp up the keyboard's use for work -- and Excel -- I think I'll really like the extra numeric keypad keys (parens and equals).
1	I was typing on a phone call and I realized that it was literally difficult to hear my colleague over the "din" of my keystrokes.
1	Sadly, even the letter  keys are also far too hard  to depress.
1	but the  keys get rubbed off  during normal use after only a few months.
1	The touchpad is not functional and  keys appear to stick  or just don't respond at all.
1	Now I have 3 defective keyboards because some  keys do not register  (M, N, Caps are common).
1	Both Alt, both Ctrl, left Shift, and a whole lot of  keys don't work .
1	As a programmer, I can't stand that they changed the layout of the center row (ins, del, pgup, pgdn), slowing me down considerably, as well as the arrow keys (too small &amp; awkward).
1	(with 10 days of vacation in the midst) and already four of the  keys have the printing nearly worn off .
1	Pros: - perfect ergonomics - nice leather wrist padding Cons: - noisy spacebar - spacebar presses harder then letter keys - F-keys devided into two groups, while classically it should be three - a bit large Could be perfect without issue with spacebar.
1	However, I have had multiple times that groups of  keys stop working  or single keys will hang giving me a string of single key inputs.
1	Alternate  on again, off again keys  ZXCV and ENTER.
1	This was so they could squeeze in the up/down/left/right arrow keys into the layout they wanted.
1	Will someone inform this keyboard manufacturer that directional keys are very rarely used, but the shift key is used QUITE OFTEN.
1	The noise was exacerbated by the fact that the other keys are remarkably quiet, so the sound becomes even more annoying.
1	I now have the Adesso Tru-Form Media, on which the  keys are slightly louder  but since the sound is uniform you don't notice it once you get into the rhythm.
1	One clue is that the System Profiler claimed to be able to see the device when the USB dongle was plugged in even though the computer  stopped responding to keystrokes  or the touchpad.
1	They  keys don't have a good feel .
1	And worst, the layout of the other keys outside of the main qwerty area of the keyboard, specifically the cursor key, is just a terrible layout for anyone who has used a keyboard regularly at any time in the past 40 years.
1	Certain  keys became nonfunctional  and the majority of the rest of the keys typed a letter or symbol other than what it was supposed to be.
1	As stated in many of the other reviews, the displacement of the arrow keys and the 6 navigation keys is VERY unnerving.
1	I use the mouse as little as possible and  not having the keys  where I'm used to them is not a good thing.
1	It has all the necessary short cut keys and was easy to set up.
1	3 days after purchasing this keyboard and a few of the  keys stopped working properly .
1	At first most of the  keys were jumbled up so whenever I would type something it was displayed wrong on my computer screen for instance if I hit the 6 button on the numeric keypad it would display.
1	Full-size keys are easy to press.
1	The keys are responsive and types just fine.
1	I just wish the  keys were a little easier to depress .
1	I have average sized hands and I always felt like I had to stretch to reach the number and function keys.
1	Also, occasionally the Function key modifier would get stuck off and the Function  keys would no longer work .
1	It was a really stupid feature to overload the function keys with yet another key.
1	I spilled a very small amount of coffee on this keyboard (probably less than a teaspoon) and several  keys now fail to function .
1	The second one was terrible, several  keys are really sticky --they don't bounce back right away, and the Space bar is the worst of them all.
1	UPDATE: After two months of using this keyboard, more  keys stopped working .
1	Like other users have said the  keys are not very responsive  especially the space bar.
1	Misses too many keystrokes, and the buttons are laid out in a perfect smashed grid, so you won't be able to type as fast.
1	Also is missing several function  keys that make it hard  to use keyboard shortcuts.
1	Has some but not all "F" keys and a dedicated Ctrl+Alt+Del key Cons: Placement of the touchpad is OK but seems to hinder your typing some, Touchpad not very responsive with sensitivity all the way up.
1	Certain keys (2, 4, T and some others) simply don't work any more.
1	Fortunately I prefer to use the arrow keys and enter inside Boxee so really it ends up being a non-issue.
1	If you try one in store, that  wiggle in the keys  is not from buy-nothing kids repeatedly pounding on it with their fists for months.
1	This however blocks the internal antenna and  cause keystrokes to be missed .
1	The reason I would like to give it negative stars is that the printing on the  keys is disappearing  with less than 6 months of use.
1	Just for comparison's sake, I have a very standard beige keyboard that has  keys in almost as bad a condition  as this one.
1	I do not know if this is a function of whatever they are using to put white print on black keys or just cheap junk manufacturing.
1	The design is good but the feel of the  keys is poor .
1	Additionally, some  keys are easier to depress  than others which interferes with typing.
1	However, sometime I have to make an extra effort to  punch the keys  for the letter to show up on the screen and the location of the right-side shift key is "off" from the full-sized keyboard, which leaves me pressing the page up key a lot.
1	However, there's one glaring flaw that isn't apparent until you've used the keyboard full time for 2-3 years: The letters/symbols on the  keys wear off over time .
1	It's disappointing that something so simple could limit the usable life of a keyboard (without buying some stickers to put on top of the naked keys.
1	This IS a problem because you'll be filling out a long form or doing extensive work in a browser and all of a sudden you'll go back a page and lose the data when you barely miss the spacebar and  hit one of those keys  instead.
1	Without having spilled liquids in the keyboard, getting it full of food crumbs, or physically damaging it, I've noticed that some  keys stick .
1	If I try relaxing, I often  press keys in the wrong order  or miss them.
1	The F-keys are convex and even stiffer.
1	The volume controls and extra function keys are nice, but I wish it wasn't so big and bulky.
1	It's useless when  keys stop working , and really annoying when one moment it was working fine and in the middle of your email, the "C" key stops working or the right shift stops working.
1	First, the good: keypress sounds are quiet, the weird key shapes did a very good job of making it easier for my hands to each the keys on each side, and installation was flawless (I didn't even have to install the software).
1	The  keys have quite a mushy feel ; definitely not a good choice for heavy duty writers or coders.
1	The same thing holds for several other keys.
1	It will then relay anywhere from none to all of the keystrokes in rapid succession to the computer (resulting in it spazzing out for a few seconds as it does the things you told it to.
1	THe Bad:  The  keys are too small , touchad is on right side of keyboard.
1	These keyboards suffer from poor quality (made in China like everything else these days) and I've got a stack of bad ones sitting beside me that have to be thrown out due to  non-functioning keys .
1	It is fine except to one thing - after writing one book with it the E, D, S, and C  keys are nearly blank .
1	The  keys don't have the tactile feedback  of even the basic free keyboard bundled with new computers.
1	And if you like your keys to have a little bounce to them, you will likely be disappointed by this keyboard as well.
1	The programmable keys are a nice feature.
1	All the other  keys are soft  and take little effort to strike.
1	cons: - The  keys are quieter  on this model, but slightly harder to depress causing a minor slow down.
1	- Compared to other Ergonomic keyboards, one has to note that unless the  keys are physically separated  into two groups any ergonomic effects will be minimal.
1	- As an avid gamer favoring the right side of the keyboard (arrow keys instead of the WASD configuration) I enjoyed the ample room around the former.
1	- Finally, I liked the placement of an extra set of EQUAL, PARENTHESIS and BACKSPACE at the top right corner (especially the parenthesis, I always hated finding the opening and closing one among the numbers) Now, THE BAD: - For some reason the ENTER and RIGHT SHIFT keys are too small!
1	I could do with regular sized "H" and "N" keys if it would mean not hunting the ENTER.
1	- The Media  keys on top do not sit well  in their homings and are not perfectly aligned.
1	But, if you are a touch-typist and your fingers already know where the keys are supposed to be, then you'll be greatly disappointed and/or frustrated with this Natural Keyboard Elite.
1	I agree with the other negative reviews regarding the smaller size and changed arrangement of the Insert/Home keys, and the smaller squished-together arrow keys.
1	The only great thing this board has going for it is the slight curve of the keys, though it is hardly noticeable, unlike the split ergonomic boards.
1	All (home, arrows, etc) keys are in a very standard layout for a full-size keyboard.
1	It was almost a better keyboard than all the rest, BUT - It is less bent than the earlier natural keyboards - - - unless you are tiny, your wrists won't be straight - the home-end-pgup-pgdn key group are changed again - - - back to 2 rows of 3 keys - - - if you just relearned the 3 rows of 2 keys layout, this is really bad - the left corner of the wrist rest is cut way too close - - - if you have big hands the edge digs into your hand - miserable!
1	- the  rows of keys are FLAT  - - - you must prop your wrists up high - - - - so you don't hit the key below the one you want - - - - BUT adding a wrist rest hides the LED's for caplock, etc - - - - - and blocks the back & forward buttons - the cord exits right on the edge - - don't let it land on edge - the cord will be severely bent - - - I lost a Natural MM KB with a cord like this - - - - (Natural Pro recessed the cord exit, no risk of bent cord).
1	There are lots of bells and whistles such as programmable keys and the sort, but these are more of a gimmick than anything else.
1	The key response and placement are ok, but it's easy to mistype because of the angle of the keys.
1	It has a nice wrist cushion, but overall, the feel of the keys, the unwieldy over-sized footprint, and  flimsy keys  don't add up to a very good typing experience.
1	The keys were very quiet and smooth.
1	It had many convenient shortcut keys which I could reprogram for my own custom purpose.
1	It never worked again; most of the  keys did not work .
1	The reason for this appears to be that there is not one solid plastic piece under the keys.
1	If you remove some keys, you can see the contacts inside, so if you get a little bit of water on it, it will drip straight down and ruin the entire thing.
1	Someone suggested removing all the keys and spraying some rubbing alcohol down there to help any excess water evaporate out.
1	It's not a bad keyboard, but I've been using it for work for about a year and the first think that annoys me is that the letters on the  keys wear off .
1	On this keyboard it's easy to  type multiple keys  on accident (I find it happens more often with passwords) due to the sloppy feel of the keyboard.
1	Second, it looks like Microsoft decided that since the keyboard was split and that they had extra room, they would change the size of a few lettered keys towards the middle so they are twice the size of a normal key!
1	Add this to the fact that the  keys feel "squishy"  and you've got one crazy typing experience.
1	I really did try to get use to this, but I kept finding myself  pressing incorrect keys , or having to look at the keyboard to make sure I hit the right key.
1	The large hot keys at the top of the keyboard are a nice touch.
1	Cons: - The tiny plastic feet are useless - Some letters on keyboard are larger than others (annoying) -  Keys feel way too soft  and offer no feedback - Missing extra media controls While this keyboard may be "comfortable" and looks nice, it's just not practical for daily use if the feet break, the  keys feel strange , and it slows down your typing experience.
1	I had an older version of this keyboard, and the keys on the old keyboard are closer together, or for some reason, just easier to depress.
1	The  spacing of the keys on this keyboard seems too large  (?
1	The  keys are loud .
1	The first one lasted 3 years, before several  keys started refusing to respond --even with extra pressure.
1	it's a pity, they didn't take a lesson on how to make keys from the old IBM keyboards from early 1980's.
1	Its size is a bit larger than I'm accustomed to, the  keys do not accept double letters  and make me hit the same key three to four times to get two f's or two l'l or two anything, and the spacebar has to be hammered to work, but all in all, things were working out.
1	Granted, most people won't need them, but if you're a programmer, then having arrow  keys chopped in half  and shoved into a non-standard configuration is a major shortcoming.
1	Buy an ergonomic keyboard with standard-sized and configured arrow keys.
1	MS did some things right: It's in black (gone are the days of the beige box), power user keys a re included, the keyboard now has a base tilt, and finally rest pad.
1	The "T" and "G"  keys are consistently larger  than the elite (The elite T&G keys are technically the same size as the 4000 series, but are raised in such a way that typists may need to get used to the new feel of these keys).
1	The right windows key (between the "alt" and "menu" hot-keys in line with the space bar) is now gone.
1	The function keys now have presets (optional) 4.
1	There are now silver hot keys at the top for 5 programmable functions and several other keys for standard windows functions such as e-mail, home directory, zoom, mute, increase/decrease volume, play/pause, and calculator 5.
1	The keys had just the right feel, and the quality was excellent.
1	This popular keyboard is famous for having  keys suddenly stop working , work intermittently or different keys work at intermittent times.
1	If you look closely at the arrow keys, "Insert", "Home", "Delete", and "End" keys you will see that the keys are smaller and arranged differently than a standard keyboard.
1	The numeric key pad and the regular typewriter keys are fine.
1	In summary: Pro: Ergonomics are good Typewriter keys and numeric keypad are fine Con: arrow keys and navigation keys are too small and in a non-standard position keyboard is wobbly and little flimsy  keys are a little mushy  when pressed.
1	That keyboard's been through hell and is really showing its age in the form of lots of friction and loud keys.
1	The keys are reasonably quiet.
1	I felt like it needed more tilt and angle to the keys, but otherwise was a reasonable keyboard.
1	I do wish they had kept the editing keys and dispensed with the num pad altogether so that the keyboard wouldn't take up so much desk space.
1	I simply could not find the break, but there definitely was one in the flex circuit because all the other keys worked.
1	pros: Decent product, works, has plenty of hot keys.
1	The  keys are very hard to press  - within 1 minute of typing, I am already feeling cramps in my hands.
1	I have both the old kind (arrow keys in an inverted-T shape) and a new kind (arrow keys in a cross pattern) This keyboard had inherent problems with Windows NT 4.
1	0 (certain  keys would not work properly ) and the keyboard feels cheap.
1	The Ergo 4000 has  keys that don't feel nearly as good  as those from older keyboards - this being my major reason why I won't buy this keyboard (I would have otherwise).
1	I like keys that have a consistent feedback.
1	They feel like cheap plastic (some  keys are harder to hit  and some are so light after a while that they get activated as soon as they are gently touched).
1	A keyboard has its first use: be good and efficient in hitting those keys - all the other stuff is secondary!
1	The first thing I tried it, I immediately realized that I  need a very hard press on keys .
1	Partly because I was trained on IBM selectrics and manual typewriters that belonged to my grandparents, and partly because I'm a classically trained cellist, my fingers slam into those keys fast and hard.
1	Since the ergonomic keyboards are shaped in a wave form (of sorts) there is a nominal communication from the keys that one has indeed typed that letter.
1	Number one annoyance:  The Caps Lock key is placed so closely to the Tab and Shift keys that I am forever grumbling at this machine as I accidentally hit the Caps Lock key instead of Shift or Tab.
1	When you first get this keyboard (especially new builds, 2011) their keys are soft and quiet and it's the best keyboard there is.
1	After about 2 weeks to 1 month, the  keys start becoming louder , less smooth, while still functional.
1	I find that the  keys feel, well, soft to me , for lack of a better word.
1	The  keys lack a responsive crispness  that better keyboards have.
1	Some terrible things about the product (when compared to the Chinese iPazzPort, which is likely a knockoff of the Rii that has other features added): * The mouse is not multi-touch * There are no page-up/page-down keys that can be accessed without also holding down the "function" key (compared to the iPazzPort which has a page up/down rocker on the side of the device next to the laser pointer switch) * The laser pointer is very weak compared to the iPazzPort * The laser pointer requires the radio to be turned on * The F-keys are the default; you have to use the function+Fkey combination to access things like volume up/down.
1	Because the F keys can be activated without a key combination, they can be combined with modifiers (like ALT) which makes application hot keys (e.
1	Finally, there are nubs on the F and J keys to allow for finding the home row in the dark (although the blue backlighting (compare to orange with the iPazzPort) is easy to activate).
1	I was also happy to find that Windows multimedia keys were included on the keyboard.
1	I am an average-sized woman at 5'5", and have relatively long fingers, but the reach on this keyboard from the home keys to the Q/Tab or backspace/enter was absurdly and uncomfortably far.
1	And I found that the  angle of the keys  meant my elbows had to be kept at an uncomfortably wide angle, causing instant discomfort in my shoulder muscles.
1	The 'H' key didn't work and two other  keys were very sticky , making a really annoying loud clicking sound each time I hit them.
1	Although all of the keys worked on the second keyboard, they still felt really stiff (especially the space bar), making for a very unpleasant typing experience.
1	Extra F keys (Fn+1=F9, Fn+2=F10, Fn+3=F11, and Fn+4=F12) 3) Sometimes capslock get reversed I'm not sure why it happens but to go back to normal with caps on switch keyboard off the back on.
1	All the other keys were soft and easy to type.
1	The  keys are soft .
1	It just doesn't have the extra keys like calculator, volume control, etc.
1	Elite also has smaller keys for the arrow keys, the page up/down, home/end, and delete/insert keys.
1	Much as I like the subtly curved design and the widening keys, the power shortcut keys, they're of no use to me when it repetedly breaks down.
1	The mechanisms don't seem to be built for larger keys, so you have to find sweet spots in keys like CTRL and the space bar, or else you're just bending plastic without registering a keystroke.
1	On OS X, IntelliType is required if you want to swap the CTRL, ALT, and Windows keys to represent CTRL, Option, and Command keys on a standard Mac keyboard.
1	This keyboard only lasted 4 months and then random  keys stopped working .
1	other than that, just hate that microsoft messed up on the keycodes for the zoom keys.
1	The simultaneous pressing of 3 or 4  keys causes some sort of lock-up  and your keyboard will send a constant signal of movement, even though you've lifted your hands off the keyboard.
1	It will lock-up and have my character running in some random direction no matter which keys I hit after that.
1	(Mine showed up with three  keys dislodged , and didn't function after careful set up--no number lock/caps lock lights to suggest it was responding to either of my up-to-date computers.
1	After only a few days of use, the spacebar stopped working, and the number  keys were either broken  or typing strange combinations.
1	The action of the  keys are stiff , and what is worse: noisy.
1	Extra keys above number pad are useful and make sense.
1	HOME END BLOCK and Arrow keys maintain their usual shape which is good.
1	'Back' and 'Forward' keys not real keyboard keys and they stick.
1	The  keys could be slightly smaller .
1	The 'back' and 'forward' should be replace with real keys that can be programmed to something useful to the user like backspace, enter, cntl, cmd or windows key.
1	With this keyboard you can program those keys like that now but the fact that they stick and are not real  keys make that useless .
1	This would hopefully reduce the need to constantly use ones little fingers to hit these important keys with out freaking of users that want to maintain as much normalcy as possible.
1	I like the special keys for Zoom, Back, Forward, Calculator, - () backspace.
1	It seems obvious that a lot of people are having certain  keys conk out  at some point.
1	When typing the main keys you are fine and this definitely has a much more ergonomic feel than other keyboards I have tested over the years.
1	The problem lies when you have to  reach for the keys  (that are hard to reach even on a regular keyboard) such as the 1,2,0,-,+,and BACKSPACE keys.
1	If you have above average length fingers this may not be a problem but if you have average to below-average length fingers/hands there is definitely a problem due to the fact that these  keys slope downward  away from the reach of your hands in addition to the regular reach you have on a non-ergonomic keyboard.
1	Those  keys are in a different zip-code  on this keyboard.
1	The downward slope feels great with the regular keys but constant reaching for the 1,2,0,-,+, and BACKSPACE  keys will cause pain  rapidly.
1	If they would have made those keys closer or not had those  keys slope down  and away from your hands it might be OK.
1	Or if they made the keys near them smaller to  make these keys a little closer .
1	Or if they made one with  smaller keys , or keys not so far apart, or out of reach due to the downward slope of the keyboard.
1	As for the non-ergonomic aspect of the keyboard there are plenty of keys along the top of the keyboard that can be programmed to limit the amount of times one has to use a mouse.
1	I hope this review helps and gives incentive to the majority of us without large hands/fingers to test it in a computer store/electronics store first to see how well your fingers can reach some of those out of  out-of reach keys .
1	The keys have a good feel.
1	Also,  the space bar requires much more push than the rest of the keys.
1	Pros: - nice compact size for thumb typing on the couch - good battery life and recharge-ability via USB - up/down left/right keys nice for navigating WMC and XBMC - back-lit keys for dark rooms Cons: - not durable at all (don't let it fall) - laser pointer feature useless for my application of this product (might be okay for PowerPoint slide viewing on a projector screen) - very limited RF receiver to keyboard range - has to have very unobstructed line of sight or typing/mousing functionality will be severely impacted - very bad placement of left/right mouse click buttons (after using this product I can say the ideal place for these would be in the upper left-hand corner ; thank you for this lesson FAVI as I will keep it in mind while I'm searching for your product's replacement) This was my first attempt at the ultimate HTPC keyboard/mouse, and after using it, I can say this product was good at pointing out all the flaws of these types of devices in today's market.
1	It is the most comfortable keyboard I've ever used because of the curved layout and the super soft keys.
1	Unfortunately, after a few months using the keyboard, some of the  keys stopped working  properly.
1	Other reviewers have had similar  problems with other keys .
1	All the extra  keys just sit there , I haven't trained myself to use them.
1	I ultimately chose it for ergonomics, and it's insert/home/delete/end configuration, which was very important to me, because I use those keys constantly too.
1	The first is that sometimes it will lose signal for 5-10 second, after which time all the keystrokes you make may or may not appear at once.
1	The second is that the volume  keys don't work  unless you have clicked on the volume icon in the taskbar first, which kind of defeats the purpose of having the keys in the first place.
1	It is a little difficult to use due to it's non standard layout, the  keys feel a little mushy  and the overall construction is a little flimsy.
1	really, i found most of the hot keys MS decided to put on the keyboard not very usefull: mail, search, home, calculator and then 5 custom keys.
1	it has media keys that do work with the mac; but it's missing a very important "next track" and somewhat less important "prev track".
1	the keys on the apple keyboard are very nice: short action, soft touch, tactile feedback.
1	of course, the predefined hotkeys on the apple keyboard suit my mac better: expose, dashboard, and a full set of itunes controls.
1	It's a great, lightweight, quiet design and has just the right amount of "extra" keys.
1	I also found it  hard to see the keys  in a dimly lit room even with the back light on.
1	This is the only keyboard I have ever had where  keys routinely cease to respond .
1	So maybe I guess I just bought a faulty one; surely Microsoft does not make and entire model of keyboard where the keys malfunction after only a few months.
1	I bought this keyboard once, experienced the  malfunctioning keys  and decided to bright the "faulty" keyboard home to use with my laptop and buy a new one for work.
1	I had owned one of these keyboards a few years ago and the  keys started going bad .
1	Most of the time keystrokes get throught with no problem, but for no obvious reason, the keyboard occasionally locks up and  keystrokes aren't registered .
1	All keys (including left and right click under the touchpad), backlight, and laser pointer still work.
1	Got the perfect touchpad sensitivity in the first shipment, but there was  something wrong with one of the keys .
1	The board & mouse have a great feel and are very responsive, until the  keys stop working .
1	At first my  keys stop registering  and I would have to push really hard on them to input, I thought a change of batteries would fix the problem.
1	Eventually, most of the  keys completely stopped working  right after the warrenty ran out,of course.
1	So next I opted for this, the even cheaper 2000 keyboard only, as the mouse that came with the 3000 still works great, and sure enough, the  keys started to become unresponsive  after a few months!
1	I've had one Comfort Curve 4000 and two 2000s and all of them have failed --- some of the  keys become unresponsive .
1	I have Dell keyboards that after 10 years the labels on the keys are just fine.
1	The keys have a nice tactile feel; nothing outstanding, but it feels better than many keyboards I have used.
1	However, it uses a non-standard layout for the home, end, and delete  keys which can be difficult  to get used to.
1	Even then, even if you mashed some keys on your keyboard at the same time you woke up your mouse, they keyboard will take longer.
1	The arrow-directional  keys are not in the standard position , or like they are on other Microsoft natural Keyboards, which is odd.
1	But even though they keyboard was not being used that often, the same issue reoccurred a few months later and two other  keys would no longer type .
1	The other  keys are also a bit too stiff .
1	The spacebar works and the keys are softer but by no means too soft.
1	A lot of people have commented on the function keys but the exact working of these convenience  keys is a minor issue  for me.
1	Thing is, it's a windows keyboard so even though it uses a USB, none of the internet keys work with the imac, with the exception of the volume control, and that's disappointing.
1	Anyway, this product does what I bought it to do, but looking at those  dead shortcut keys  all the time bums me out.
1	Other  keys also got sticky  after a few weeks of use.
1	The keys are in decent places.
1	The spacebar has  more resistance than the other keys  and that is not pleasant.
1	For one, people say the keys are quite easy to press, it is, slightly.
1	The keys are quiet but the  depression of the keys are a little bit harder  than the previous models.
1	The thing I hate the most is when you're typing and the  keys are hard to press  or you have to hit the keys at a certain angle in order for it to go down and register.
1	This 4000 model, the keys are soft yet you have to hit the  keys a little bit harder  for it to go down.
1	The wireless optical pro kit that has a ergo keybord like this is much softer meaning all you have to do is slightly tap the keys and you're good to go.
1	I just cannot stand typing on keyboards that have  keys that are hard to press .
1	The design is nice but the  keys are hard to press  which mean you have to hit the keys that much more harder.
1	It's compact, has a full keyboard with a logical layout of keys, has an effective touchpad with a scrolling zone on the right side, and has great backlighting and battery life.
1	On rare occasions this happens with other keys as well.
1	I had to replace the first one because I spilled something on it and after that it would type  incorrect letters for the keys struck .
1	I bought this to replace my original generation natural keyboard which I had for seven years at work before one of the  keys stopped functioning .
1	If you set the keyboard down flat, most keyboards the keys will sit pretty close to flat from the row with the numbers on it to the row with the space bar on it.
1	The key layout in the positioning of the keys is good and the feel of the keys is nice, and I do like the ergonomically design to keyboards, but for the combination of the  keys being lower in the center  and the flat design, we will be looking to get a different one.
1	I just use it to do my work and paper typing, but the unacceptable thing is that several keys' "life expectancy" is too short.
1	It's a nice enough keyboard and mouse, but it has a terrible time with  dropped keystrokes  and multi-second keystroke lag.
1	It's completely unusable in games: Nothing brings you out of gaming annoys you quite like your keyboard simply stopping working for 5-10 seconds at a time, and THEN sending all those keystrokes at once.
1	The  keystrokes start lagging  and the cursor action is very choppy around only 5' away.
1	I am using this keyboard on the mac - i was able to program the keys all ok - took some doing.
1	Overall it works well but some of the  keys have a very loose, cheap feeling .
1	Even when connected the connection was spotty from any more than 5 feet away and  keystrokes were not recognized  most of the time.
1	but this is not the key board for you if you are used to  finding keys by instinct .
1	some  keys are not where they ought to be  (or at least not where people are generally used to finding them intuitively--shift key for example), located in wrong places and in wrong (meaning, disproportionate) sizes and shapes.
1	The touch of the keys is soft and comfy, the ergonomic design is brilliant and requires little adjustment, but the space bar  sticks and clacks.
1	a)  keys get stuck  b) range is at most 2 feet, not *up to 100* feet as advertized on the box.
1	Limited range and  stuck keys  makes it useless for HTPC.
1	 Same keys failed , in about a month.
1	It is difficult to pick the device up without  pressing keys .
1	The keys are easy to use.
1	 Some keys are sensitive  while others need breaking into.
1	The  keys are grid shaped , not offset like a normal keyboard and because of the touch pad on the right it's not as easy to type on as say an Iphone because you'r right thumb has to reach considerably further to hit any of the keys.
1	So if you're thinking that you text fast & this wouldn't be a problem consider the inch of dead space between your thumb & the keys.
1	Sitting about 10 ft away from the computer I found that it  drops keystrokes  about every 5th input.
1	Also, these  keys are now half-sized , and therefore harder to hit.
1	These may seem like minor quibbles to some of you -- but they preclude the possibility of hitting these keys without looking at them.
1	This does not have a full sized keyboard, and while I thought I might be able to live with it anyway, my hands are too large and I'm too used to a full sized keyboard to get my fingers to hit the correct keys, even when concentrating.
1	The right shift key, in particular, is a real problem because Logitech replaces the full sized key with two smaller keys: Shift and Enter.
1	Pros: Installs easily, Small size, good battery life, keys work well.
1	The slight curve design has alleviated a great deal of pain on my wrists and the shortcut keys are great for fast access to the email, web, etc.
1	All the  keys are designed very cheaply  and will not take a great deal of repeated use, especially if you are heavy handed.
1	Comparing with my previous one, which is also logitech, the  keys in this keyboard are a bit small  and harder to hit.
1	The curve and the size of some of the keys, however, make it not optimal for the small-handed, such as myself.
1	Alt-f4 doesn't work because Microsoft remapped the keys on this keyboard so the keyboard's shortcuts don't work the same way as the Windows operating system.
1	On almost every occasion I would have to hit one of my password characters twice and at same time double check the screen so I didn't miss type or type extra keys.
1	Still, it was VERY difficult to reach the upper keys, even after I got used to the split keyboard.
1	I use some of the extra keys, for example, I use the sound volume and muting functions frequently, as well as the calculator button.
1	Because I use a 4-key trackball, I have no use for the browsing keys.
1	I already discarded one and replaced it due to  failing keys .
1	I've had about 3 so far, and some have had  failed keys  (the ALT key sometimes is difficult to press).
1	I agree with the other negative reviews regarding the smaller size and changed arrangement of the Insert/Home keys, and the smaller  squished-together arrow keys .
1	Typing can be quite a chore, you will be typing along and then certain  keys just don't respond , not always the same key and quite sporadic to which one(s) it chooses.
1	The keyboard is so light/flimsy and the  keys are clunky feeling .
1	Also, there is no way of having indication of when caps/scroll lock/numlock keys are on/off, which is stupid because my very old S510 told me on-screen through the SetPoint software- which **should** work with this combo also, but it doesn't.
1	So if you get this then forget having any extra adjustments or on-screen displays for volume, lock keys, etc.
1	I will say neither the kbd or mouse ever missed a keystroke or click, but most any keyboard can do that.
1	This keyboard is horrible for people with repetitive stress injuries because the  keys are so hard to depress .
1	I'm not sure what the manufacturer was thinking (maybe harder to push  keys give the illusion of sturdiness ) but it is irritating for wrists that are already prone to inflammation.
1	I agree with the other negative reviews regarding the smaller size and changed arrangement of the Insert/Home keys, and the smaller  squished-together arrow keys .
1	I was glad for the function keys, since this is replacing one of those wired Dell multimedia keyboards with the round volume control knobs (which I really liked).
1	The  keys themselves are hard plastic  but they feel mushy when pressed.
1	The  keys are glossy and hard , compared to what is shown here.
1	Regardless, the  keys are very difficult to type  on compared to the T-Mobile G2 keyboard that I'm used using on a daily basis.
1	It also take a while to  get use to the smaller keys  like the shift and the backspace.
1	The keys themsleves have a great tactile feel and are very quiet - exaclty what I was looking for.
1	Any time I would press certain keys (E, C, X, Enter, Delete), the thing would go haywire and press all kinds of random characters and cause general chaos in both my Windows XP and Mac OS X machines.
1	It always happened when I would press a key (such as the arrow keys) in rapid succession.
1	it worked great for a while but then the  keys stopped working  for some reason, however the keyboard is very comfortable to use, just don't save up your money for this.
1	I'm largely happy with this keyboard but will note several caveats: * The media keys do not provide next/previous track keys * The elevating skirt to raise the front edge of the keyboard is awkward to add/remove and is cheaply constructed * The keys are quite responsive but are a bit louder than I think they need to be, particularly the spacebar Ergonomically this is the most comfortable keyboard I've ever used.
1	I bought this keyboard just a week ago, thinking that what the other reviewers were saying about the  keys being too hard to press  was an exageration.
1	this one feels kind of weird as if he  keys are kind of sharp .
1	I have been using older microsoft ergo keyboards for years without issues, but these ones seem to have a few issues the buyer should be aware of: *The lettering on the  keys WILL wear off  and do so FAST.
1	*The larger  keys tend to lose their ability  to stay properly centered.
1	This causes  keys that feel wobbly  and rock side to side slightly, and it can be quite annoying.
1	The  keys are very noisy .
1	Also, I have to  push very hard the keys  and that causes me tired hands, especially the space bar key.
1	The status lights don't work - The drag and drop won't work - the auto shutoff for the backlighting does not work - the range is 3 feet up to 9 if I place the dongle and hold the keyboard just right - the backlighting is uneven behind the keys -  not all keys make good contact  - and those are just preliminary observations - the inept lack of ergonomics makes it seem like it was built by a committee of hair-brained wannabe sub-nerds - I took the chance and lost.
1	My previous keyboard had a solid feel and the keys were very responsive.
1	The spacebar is half-responsive, and the tiny little function, arrow and page  keys are a nightmare .
1	Unfortunately, both in the past few weeks have started to  "lose" keys  or require that they be pressed for an inordinate amount of time to actually communicate with the controller in the keyboard to recognize :-/.
1	I was deceived by its stylish look, and when I started using it, immediately I found that the cursor keys and the page up/down, home/end  keys are so awkwardly placed , making the keyboard virtually useless in OS where you absolutely need those keys -- like Windows.
1	In the past, I even tried painting clear nail  polish on the keys to protect them , but that didn't help much.
1	I bought a 4000 in December,and now, less than eight months later, I can't see five letter keys or the period, and some of the other letters are shrinking as parts of them disappear.
1	The  keys are very slick  and my fingers slid all over the keyboard.
1	In this case the arrow keys are not in their normal positions.
1	Not only that, they keys for the  arrow keys are smaller  - maybe only 75% of the size of the other keys.
1	It's a comfortable keyboard to use, and the extras like the volume buttons and other shortcut keys are nice, but the workmanship and quality is just lousy.
1	Unless the quality of the contact points for the m and i  keys is just abysmal , I have to stab both hard to get them to work, even with the keyboard new.
1	you actually need to type a document using this and u will know why the  keys make it hard to type .
1	and reduce  size of most keys .
1	Oh and I didn't notice it at first but mine is  missing an O key , I have 2 P keys though so if anyone has my O and would like their P back I'm willing to make a trade.
1	The arrangement of the Home/Page Up/Page Dn/End/Delete/Insert and arrow keys may allow the keyboard to fit in trays, but otherwise it is insane.
1	I never realized how much I use those keys until I was swearing at this keyboard.
1	The arrows  keys are nearly impossible to use , especially for gaming.
1	The keyboard is not staggered as a typical keyboard--this presented some problems that I could never quite adjust to, and the Control, Escape and Return  keys are all moved in odd positions .
1	There are no dedicated Media Center buttons, but rather Function keys that are assigned to Media Center commands like fast forward.
1	As has been stated, the spacebar is  harder to push than other keys  and significantly louder.
1	It's quite disappointing to see Microsoft not bothering to fix this one glaring issue on one of the most used keys.
1	"  Listen, just because it's got a hump in the middle and a left and right hand keyset isn't going to make you a better typist - just more pissed off as your typing accuracy goes into the toilet.
1	But I don't understand why the  keys have to be smaller .
1	I can live with cheap feel of the keyboard but not  different spacing for keys .
1	The keys seem to work ok from that distance, but the trackpad is very laggy at about 5M - 6M away.
1	Typing on the  keys feels a little awkward  at first due to the vertical layout of the letters, although it get's easier to use with practice.
1	But the  keys are sort of sticky  because of the way it is shaped and the placement of your hands.
1	Now I don't even have an on/off keyboard light for either of those keys.
1	, as well as a few programmable Function keys to search, go to the desktop, etc.
1	A nice feel, comfortable layout, I suppose I must admit I'd prefer better keys as I like a quality laptop type keyset than traditional desktop keys.
1	The the  keys do feel a little "mushy"  without the tactile feedback of some of the better boards, such as those from IBM.
1	My biggest complaint is that the letters  easily wear off the keys .
1	The letters have worn off three keys and are well on their way to "blank" on others.
1	I am still using it and the lettering on the keys is still visible.
1	What I really dislike about it is they changed the standard keys for Insert, delete, home, end, page up and page down key section.
1	) and resetting all the programmable keys to defaults, not like that would probably solve the problem, and of course the errors still occur.
1	The  keys were very stiff .
1	I spend a great deal of time using a keyboard, and I have to have one that is responsive all the time, not one that requires me to  beat on the keys  to get them to work properly.
1	It has been the space bar mostly, but other  keys also suffer  the same problem.
1	The arrow keys are in their own T cluster and the media controls are useful.
1	It has laptop style keys and is a joy to work on.
1	How ergonomic is a keyboard that requires 5x the amount of force to push down the space bar as the other keys?
1	The regular keys are not bad, but after 6 weeks with the spacebar, I'm getting rid of it.
1	This keyboard was terrific for me until the E and L  keys stopped working  55 days after I purchased it.
1	The design is nice, small, compact, full keyboard, the keys aren't too small, and it lights up for use in dark spaces.
1	I do think it's a generally better layout than the previous versions of Microsoft ergonomic keyboards I've cycled through, but some of my  keys started sticking  recently, and about half the letters are worn off - the keys I'm obviously hitting most often.
1	The  keystroke doesn't register  if I don't hit at exactly the right angle on about 5 or 6 keys, and for these tired hands, after 8 or 10 hours at the glo box, I don't find the touch soft enough, even though I've read it described as soft.
1	Unfortunately, the keys on this model, particularly the space key, are too stiff.
1	I had seen complaints about the stiff keys in other reviews but was hoping this was not a universal problem.
1	And sometimes double keystrokes and  missing keystrokes  no matter how hard I tried to cleanly press the keys.
1	But the keyboard itself has a cheap feel to it (much cheaper than the Dell keyboard I was using) and the keys are a bit mushy.
1	No problems with battery life, and the light-up keys are a great addition.
1	They  keys are incredibly hard to press , and the spacebar is noisy and stiff.
1	The space bar is still a little stiff and noisy, but the other keys are awesome.
1	Further, I would have really liked a sleep key (to put the computer to sleep), an easier-to-use Windows key, more keys such as Delete, and more F-keys.
1	Very attractive piece of hardware, definitely massive looking but it fits my desk space fine, easy installation with the latest Intellipoint software, absolutely quiet keys when pressed but that's where the niceties end.
1	The  keys are a little stiffer  to press down but once I get flying, they fly too with ease.
1	However, the  keys were a bit too small  for me to comfortably type on.
1	Many of my  keys have stopped working .
1	I loved the design of this keyboard and have enjoyed using it, but some of the  keys have quit working  for no apparent reason.
1	We popped the keys off to see if something had fallen under the key and to see if something had been spilt on it, but nothing was apparent.
1	The  keys are also a bit stiff .
1	Much of the functionality of this model is also present on the Digital Media Pro model (hot keys, zoom, "favorites" buttons, etc.
1	But straight away, it felt really cheap, and looked that way, too, what with the shiny little character decals on the matte-black keys.
1	After about an hour of pretty steady typing, the  keys got noticeably noisier  until when I removed it from service it was hard to tell the difference between it and the others in our office.
1	The biggest problem is that the space bar has way too much resistance--far more than the other keys-- although I think all the  keys offer a bit more resistance  than I'm used to.
1	I felt like I had to  reach excessively for some keys , like "y," "control," and "enter".
1	Pluses:  Best feeling wrist rest, ergonomically designed reverse angle, the zoom rocker and back/forward keys.
1	Design-wise it is on the right track, the wrists are less pronated because of the angle of the keys.
1	Cons: --Finger placement detection (ridge on F and J  keys) is insufficient .
1	I'm constantly typing gibberish because my fingers are on the wrong keys.
1	--Letters  rub off the keys very quickly  and no replacements are available --Occasionally keys are difficult to press --The keyboard is relatively large Pros:  It is very quiet, most keys are easy to press.
1	Also the  keys are not the most responsive  and are not sensitive.
1	this was a comfortable keyboard to use until the membrane key backings  failed on one of the keys .
1	It then started to cause Firefox to open new windows and tabs spontaneously, first with every 30-40 keystrokes, then in increasing frequency until it would no longer type, but pretty much only open Firefox tabs.
1	The  keys are weird  and make typing for a long time a hassle.
1	Some  keys are bigger  than others!
1	This keyboard is very comfortable, and the letter keys are well spaced out and whisper quiet - perfect.
1	Some of the  keys on the keyboard did not work properly  and required multiple hits to register.
1	Pros: * Backlit keys * Mouse pad that works in both orientations * rechargable * very small and portable * useless laser pointer (maybe a con also as the kids might shoot each other in the face with it) * fairly cheap Cons: - limited range, like 10 feet at best - mine wont connect using the extension cable, must plug directly into machine.
1	I attributed this to the unusual wave design of the key layout which is supposed to promote stress free typing, which is does -- but while promoting a bad style of typing preventing the keyboard user from typing all other keys!
1	The Unicomp keyboard has a raised stepping for it's keys, providing more spacing for those of us with muscles in our hands.
1	In brief, it took me weeks to relearn how to properly type so I could type numbers and other characters using META and Shift keys!
1	The keys on this keyboard don't "snap back" like some of the better keyboards do when you press them down.
1	While the keyboard 100% works (and the extra functions do also), I really dislike that pushing down on the  keys doesn't give you the response  that some of the other better MS keyboards do also.
1	In general this is a good keyboard: * comfortable wrist pads * excellent ergonomic positioning of the keys * plug and play in windows 7 - I did not install the software that came with keyboard and all the keys I ever use work without it (including volume up/down, play/pause etc.
1	The hand position feels just right, but depressing the  keys is noisy  and unpleasant.
1	Certain  keys on the one I own stopped working  after less than a month of light use.
1	I managed to take it apart and get the bad keys working , but who knows how often that will be necessary.
1	After using a Logitech Ergonomic keyboard and  wearing out many keys  (I work as a medical transcriptionist), I wanted to try the divided keyboard and go a little less expensive than the model of Logitech I had.
1	From the pictures it looks like the same, poor placement of the "6" key that Microsoft continues in all of their "ergonomic" keyboards that have a small separation between the left and right handed keys.
1	The overall keyboard feels smooth and the keys are easier to use than a square keyboard.
1	 Loud keys are a serious issue , but I sent this back and exchanged it because of issues with the spacebar.
1	Other keys on the Microsoft "product" also gummy now.
1	My previous one lasted two years before  keys mysteriously died  -- not great longevity, but acceptable.
1	Today multiple  keys on the right side just died on me , seemingly out of nowhere.
1	I liked having the shortcut keys that reduced the amount of mousing I had to do, but the spacebar was hard to press and the  keys felt a little gummy .
1	The curved keyboard with  keys at different heights  is a pain in the butt.
1	Typing  is quite difficult with the  keys at various heights  it actually slows me down.
1	Every one of the previous keybords had the  keys fade to the point  of not being able to determine what the key was.
1	Pros: -Ergonomic layout -It works (for now) Cons: -Tilt and Spacebar key were popped out on arrival (Don't think I was the only one with this experience) -Stiff Keys -Feels cheap - Fuction keys are too small  Comments: What is up with microsoft's quality control?
1	The board and  keys feel real cheap , I don't even think this keyboard will last 2 years.
1	The  keys on this board aren't spaced out  enough, and they also feel real stiff.
1	Features are great including new keys introduced above keypad and soft handrest.
1	The  key is bigger too than normal keys  which magnifies the problem.
1	You just wouldn't expect hot spots on keys and the spacebar has hot spots and cold spots.
1	As with nearly al other home theater keyboards I which it had a backlight so I can see the keys in a dark home theater setting.
1	The mouse is way to small to be comfortable and the  keys on the keyboard are pretty loose .
1	The other  keys felt tight  as well.
1	However, the  keys were sticky and noisy , and the spacebar stuck about every fifth time it was struck.
1	The  keys were too stiff ; I don't remember any keyboards that required break-in periods.
1	The keys have a decent feel, although I prefer either the old IBM click keys or even Apple's keyboards, which are softer but still offer tactile feedback.
1	The  keys have to be pressed harder  than most keyboards, so I do find my fingers a little more tired than normal.
1	I have enjoyed the specialty keys, though, particularly the mute/volume keys.
1	Lots of the custom keys go unused, though, because the software to assign them isn't all that flexible.
1	The  keys are stiff , and the spacebar is agonizingly stiff.
1	While I am enjoying some of the features of my new keyboard, such as the programmable buttons, I am still finding it  difficult to type due to the placement of the keys .
1	The worst problem I am having is with the  hard touch of the keys , especially the space bar.
1	The white lettering on the  keys has come off  and now most of the keys are just blank (luckily I know where keys are without looking down).
1	The keyboard is noisy, the  keys are not as soft or quiet .
1	I'm a Natural Keyboard fan and like the placement of the keys.
1	Typing is no problem, but the smaller sized Function and arrow keys make it difficult to quickly execute a command or navigate around the page.
1	I prefer the keys on original MS Natural Keyboard.
1	The only aspect that is really, really annoying is the arrangement of the 4 arrow keys (LEFT, RIGHT, UP, DOWN)-- the separate arrow keys that are not embedded in the number pad.
1	The arrow  keys are unusually small , and the arrangement is weired.
1	Since the keys(especially spacebar) are pretty tight even compared to regular non-ergo keyboards, it increased the intensity and frequency of the pain I experienced earlier.
1	The keyboard  keys are a little noisy  which in my case I like.
1	I work with numbers so the four keys that are above the numeric keyboard are very useful for me, as well as the calculator button.
1	A built in lithium-ion battery is rechargeable through a USB cable;  back lit, the keys are clearly visible at night or in a darkened room.
1	The keys, while of adequate size and nicely convexly shaped, require quite a bit of pressure to register a key stroke causing a necessary carefulness, slowing input considerably.
1	I have also experienced  intermittent problems with several  keys not registering  regardless of strike force; a problem that up to now has resolved itself inexplicably.
1	I'm having a lot of difficulty striking the "x" and the outside  keys that require the pinky finger  (hand size issue?
1	big keys like space bar and shift  keys are not pressed as smoothly  as others 2.
1	functional keys like custom  keys are not lit  that it is difficult to see & software takes is a resource hog.
1	As for the keyboard itself, I tend to like my keys to have a 'springy' feel to them, but these  keys are very soft .
1	However, these soft keys aren't bad, just not as good as the springy ones.
1	WHile it does keep your wrists straight, the  keys are EXTREMELY SOFT TOUCH .
1	It is too easy to hit multiple keys, and the force needed to press the space bar and some of the  keys is unnatural .
1	The rest of the keyboard is fine, and the formerly afflicted keys function correctly when another keyboard is plugged in.
1	What's worse, some, but possibly not all, of your keystrokes may get buffered and sent later, which can be extremely frustrating for gamers and the like.
1	This black 4000 board is okay but it has a  lot of unneeded keys  - no big deal.
1	I've found that the "silk screening" on many of the keys wears off - A, S, D, F, E for example.
1	I'm a big fan of the 'extra' keys across the top, and got used to the media keys on my Kensington keyboard (FF/R).
1	The extra  keys didn't work  on the first MS keyboard I purchased.
1	However, like many others have noted, the key layout of the arrow keys, the 6 keys above them, and the function keys (F1 - F12) are not the standard size/shape.
1	I use them so much the keys develop a shiny, smooth surface (in other words, the slightly nubby texture gets worn off).
1	The  keys are clunky , and you practically have to pound on them.
1	Like so many others, some of my  keys died  after a year or two.
1	But after 6 months or so several  keys stopped working  (colon/semicolon + some keypad keys) despite only light use and no spills.
1	Apparently I'm far from the only one experiencing  failed keys .
1	Without drivers, the only way I use keyboards- and mice, all the grey feature keys function as expected except those numbered one through five and the star key below that group.
1	Sure I could have used S-Spline graphics software to enhance the relatively tine fully sized image, but I expect a full sized, especially natural keyboard, to sport TWO Windows Flag keys.
1	If that is not an issue, and you require neither key tap resistance, nor key tap click feedback then you will be happy with this natural keyboard -- the additional 'curve' of the keys offered no challenge to me already familiar with microsoft natural keyboards,  I appreciate the 'front loaded' height of the keyboard, but the padding leaves much to be desired.
1	Several  keys suddenly stopped working .
1	I also found that the  keys were not as comfortable  to hit over time as I had hoped.
1	The  keys don't have any feedback , and there are some more and less sensitive keys.
1	For those that are touch typists, the feel of the keyboard is spongy, rather than springy, and the  keys have quite a long travel .
1	Each  keystroke requires a firm press , and the "snap-over" is poorly defined.
1	There is also a series of special function keys that allow you to access mail, calculator, web browser home page, etc.
1	Then there's the distractingly inconsistent touch and sound of the Comfort Curve's keys.
1	But now, the touchpad is sluggish and  not all of the keys work .
1	Worse still, the paint has rubbed off many of the keys.
1	None of the keys is exactly where I expect it to be, and the  sizes of the keys are uneven .
1	Found out certain  keys were not registering .
1	The arrow keys are not in the same layout as the standard keyboard, and the 6 keys above them 3x2 instead of 2x3.
1	I'd use a newer model of it, but they also ruined the layout when they added the shift feature to the function keys.
1	Would have been fine if the default was for the function keys, but no, they made it for the others, which have always been shortcuts on your keyboard anyway.
1	When typing, sometimes the  keys stick  and enter two or three times, other times they fail to respond at all.
1	If there are typos in this message, it is ecause some of the  keys on this very keyoard are dead  now.
1	I'm a two fingered typist na the ergo design is too big and the hump in the middle  spreads the keys out too much  and slows my type of typing down,  pluss the hump in the middle causes you to need light on two sides of the keyboard light on only one side causes shadows on the opposite side, if your a visual typist like me you  lose sight of half the keys  in a dimly lit room.
1	If your a touch typist and use all your fingers and don't look at the keys it's fine once you get used to the hump in the middle of the key board, but I can type faster with two or three fingers than I can with nine.
1	Keyboard has a nice feel to it, nice feedback from the keys.
1	Certain  keys quit working and had to break out the old keyboard.
1	Undaunted, I tried another, the second board was slightly better in that all the keys seemed to work.
1	The keys - especially the space bar - require far more force to use that my previous keyboard.
1	The arrow  keys are way too small  and have non-standard placement.
1	The function keys and the home, end, pageup, pagedown  keys are also much smaller .
1	I find it extremely  difficult to use these keys .
1	Of course, the split keys are OK.
1	Unfortunately it isn't very bright and many of the  keys aren't really lit up  at all.
1	Depressing all other  keys takes more pressure  than I'm accustomed to using.
1	The distance between keys and the size of some  keys is different  than the Elite.
1	The  keys are too difficult to press  and the space bar is essentially unusable.
1	The curve of the  keys is extremely minor , so much so that it feels (on the wrists and hands) almost exactly like a standard keyboard.
1	It is also quite low profile which would be alright except that there is only about an inch of plastic to try to rest your hands on below the bottom row of keys, which means that your hands are sitting on the desk as you try to type.
1	The arrow keys are much more difficult to use than the standard, well-designed inverted T layout.
1	While your fingers rested comfortably on the bottom row of arrow keys in the old layout, in the new your fingers don't really fit at all--you can only put two fingers on at once, and you need to move them in awkward ways to switch to the up and down keys from the left and right keys.
1	Why move the keys around into a LESS useful layout?
1	If you're like me and you end up typing on lots of different keyboards, AND you use the arrow keys a lot to navigate, it turns out to be quite painful to switch back and forth between the different layouts.
1	- The printing etc on the keys is also VERY bad .
1	unfortunately, i'm going to return it to the store primarily because the  keys are just too hard  to push -- especially the spacebar.
1	( very smoth transaction no hassle) I am pleased with the performance but the  keys are a bit sticky  and the mouse is very touchy, but i understand that the keyboard will loosen up over time.
1	Media control keys should be switched with Function Keys, I'm sure people will be using the play/pause button more often than F7.
1	Range is good, about what is advertized, but I have found that if there is something/someone between keyboard and receiver than its about 50% on keystroke accuracy.
1	With a clear line of sight I would but keystroke accuracy at about 90% Final Thoughts: I am very happy with the price/product.
1	The right shift key seemed to have been made poorly b/c it was much louder and had a different pitch than the other keys.
1	I started using it and two  keys went dead  after less than 6 months of light use.
1	I have owned this keyboard for 4 days now, I loved it at first, lightweight comfortable to use, the keys aren't loud when you're typing and then tonight I began having problems.
1	Everything about it is good in principle:  the keys are big enough to easily press, light up nicely in the dark, and are still small enough to fit in something the size of a normal remote.
1	The main thing I've been looking for in a new ergonomic keyboard is the correct setup for the arrow keys, with left, down, and right in a straight row, and up right above down (follow that?
1	All the keys have a fairly consistent feel and are quiet.
1	I preferred the utility button layout of the older Natural Keyboard Pro, and rather wish the function keys had their normal functions on the top (F1, F2, etc.
1	If all the keys were this loud, it wouldn't be a problem, but it's very annoying and distracting to be typing and have a very loud slam/click every time I hit a space.
1	I have a pretty hard keystroke, so I really put it through the wringer.
1	A few  keys were loose  in the box when I got it, and I had to reconnect them manually.
1	The  keys were tight , with no play.
1	It has decent keys, etc.
1	Even after it dried out, most of the  keys either didn't work , or generated seemingly random keypresses.
1	Some of the  keys stopped working  because it was humid.
1	I ordered this keyboard for it's small size and backlit keys.
1	The keyboard has a bad problem with missing keystrokes and with  stuck keys .
1	Several  keys are difficult to type , such as!
1	This was the second keyboard and some of the  keys did not work .
1	It's comfortable in the hand, the keys give a nice tactile feedback when pressing them, the touchpad works great, the backlight works great.
1	- Compared to other Ergonomic keyboards, one has to note that unless the keys are physically separated into two groups any ergonomic effects will be minimal.
1	- As an avid gamer favoring the right side of the keyboard (arrow keys instead of the WASD configuration) I enjoyed the ample room around the former.
1	- Finally, I liked the placement of an extra set of EQUAL, PARENTHESIS and BACKSPACE at the top right corner (especially the parenthesis, I always hated finding the opening and closing one among the numbers) Now, THE BAD: - For some reason the ENTER and RIGHT SHIFT  keys are too small !
1	I could do with regular sized "H" and "N" keys if it would mean not hunting the ENTER.
1	- The Media keys on top do not sit well in their homings and are not perfectly aligned.
1	I also must have missed the part about the center of the keyboard being raised and the shape and placement of the  keys really bothered my right hand/wrist  - so I am sending it back.
1	It did seem to have some neat features/ short cut keys though - I am really disappointed the rest of it didn't work better.
1	The wider base and outward angle of the keys put me in a more natural typing posture with less strain on my wrists.
1	Not only does this keyboard put me in a better position with the keys angled out, it also raises the front end of the keyboard, further forcing the user into good typing posture.
1	Unfortunately I do have issues with the keys in the bottom row of the right group (n, m, comma, period, /) not registering.
1	However, the one I just received in black had a very loud space bar that was also too loose, especially compared to all of the other keys.
1	This is a great keyboard, but the painted on letters on the  keys are not durable  and will soon rub off.
1	Suggest you paint all your keys with clear fingernail polish to protect the painted on letters.
1	Generally, it is the way the keyboard is grounded internally, which causes certain  keys to not function  after time.
1	It could be any number of keys or any pattern of keys that will go faulty because of poor grounding internally.
1	My two  faulty keys work now, but for how long?
1	The laser pointer never worked from day one and the keyboard  keys was sluggish  and would then jump with multiple entries for the same key.
1	After a few months of putting up with this, the keyboard started sending shutdown commands to various applications if you just lift the keyboard or touched any of the keys.
1	This is very frustrating to my wife who has to look at the keys to type.
1	On Monday, I came to work and found that some of my keyboard's  keys had become sticky , as if something had been spilled on them.
1	Some  keys are too large  and others are too small, and everything about this keyboard seems to be geared towards making the product look pretty.
1	For someone like me, who does a lot of technical work, the fact that the control  keys are mushed  to be super tiny is a big problem.
1	Its because of the section where the mouse pad is puts a distance between your right thumb and the alpha keys.
1	The problem is that after a few months some  keys started to have problems , I have to hit them harder than normal to type.
1	The keyboard came with dirt inside the keys, one of the back risers was broke, and two  keys had the letters worn off .
1	It has short periods of a few minutes where it works fine but then a few minutes after a movie starts, it will go back to  sending random keys  and functions to the PC throwing it into chaos.
1	one day my cat walked on top of the keyboard and one of my  keys just popped out  of the socket permanently, not recommended, and going back to the elite keyboard.
1	However, the  keys themselves are much too firm !
1	this morning, after a routine cleaning, the enter key, both  shift keys and the question mark key stopped working .
1	I use the keyboard primarily for writing, so I don't pay much attention to the other keys or their position; although, I think some of the  keys are a little too small .
1	They keys were nice & quiet which was great.
1	I'm not used to nor need the extra special dedicated buttons/keys.
1	By then I was so stressed, I was jealous they didn't have to deal with the curve any longer, but all my keys still worked.
1	The keys are slightly raised so it's easy to type.
1	second: WHY IS THERE A START next to my shift and ctrl keys?
1	other than that, they keys feel okay, I miss my keytronic 1985 ergo board I had last century, it was MORE designed for ten finger typists that did 200 pages ON MECHANICAL TYPEWRITERS, a day.
1	sadly it appears all keybds designed after a certain year all have these misfit keys placed in the WORSE POSSIBLE PLACE.
1	Going to dump this and hope to find one with softer keys.
1	Now if Microsoft could figure out how to combine the light, pleasing keys from that with this one's ergonomic shape, they'd have a real winner.
1	I suspect it's because instead of the older (and more expensive) method of injection molding the symbols on the keys which makes them a permanent part of the key, they are now using the much cheaper method of using something like decals which is only a surface treatment and so rub off fairly quickly.
1	The   keys in general  are lousy .
1	Second, the ergonomic design of the keyboard was quite pleasant, but the spacing and the  sizing of the keys  (some letter keys are larger than others) made typing a bit difficult; larger hands may find it a bit easier going.
1	The keys were clear looking and you had to pull of a back plate of the keyboard to get to the wireless receiver.
1	But i didn't notice before purchasing that the Home/End/Delete and arrows  keys are smaller  than normal size.
1	Several keys that you will use very often are even harder: The space, backspace and enter key.
1	A cheaper keyboard, Microsoft Comfort Curve Keyboard 2000 is much better, although its "Backspace" is also stupidly harder to press than other keys.
1	However, be aware that Microsoft decided to rearrange several clusters of keys on this keyboard.
1	The arrow keys are in a diamond pattern rather than the traditional (and IMHO efficient) "inverted-T".
1	As a touch-typist and a programmer, I've come to expect these keys to be in a certain position.
1	It may have helped shoulder and wrist pain a bit, but it caused my fingers to hurt terribly from having to hit the keys harder than I liked.
1	The design is great, keys are easy to push.
1	on paper the promising features are: - extremly low form factor - 30 meters range - backlit - rechargable All sounds great but here's my findings after 1 week of trying to make it work: - quite ridicilous effective range - won't work correctly from within 10ft - 50% of keys type are not being transmitted, you end up typing everything twice -  stuck keys  - electronically not physically Overall nice try, but no cigar.
1	There are several issues I have with this keyboard: *  Keys don't have that nice soft feeling  when you press them like other keyboards (including a previous Microsoft  model) have - very clunky feeling * Spacebar feels small and hard to hit for touch typing (programmer) * the arrow keys and home/end/page up/down keys are in an unusual orientation so now I have to go look and find the appropriate key where before I could naturally hit the right key without looking.
1	The keys feel soft and less clicky than my MS Wireless Pro keyboard ($99).
1	The  keys are a bit stiff , resulting in occasional typos due to the key-press not registering.
1	I do appreciate that the numberpad and the function keys (Insert, Delete, Home, etc) are in the traditional arrangement.
1	This Microsoft keyboard has  heavy keys , requiring more force per stroke than I am used to.
1	For people who have heavy keystrokes, the heavy keys might be okay.
1	For someone like me who likes light keys with positive action and who likes to type with a "fluid" style of motion, this keyboard is far from ideal.
1	I originally got this keyboard to help with my wrist problem, but because of the  heavy keys  I'm forced to type with harder and more deliberate action than my normal typing style.
1	I would recommend this keyboard only for those who do not mind having heavy keys (as a comparison, if you have an IBM laptop and like the firm keys, this keyboard might be for you).
1	If you want an "ergonomic" keyboard with split and angled key layout, check out the Logitech alternative which feature lighter keys.
1	The extra shortcut keys are pretty awesome.
1	Now, granted, this keyboard does allow it, but you have to perform a two-keystroke combination.
1	My old keyboard allows me to immediately bring up the correction box with one keystroke.
1	This new unit requires either going to my mouse or performing a cumbersome two-keystroke combination.
1	I have three different wireless Logitech keyboards here and they all have different placements for these keys.
1	It's very, very annoying to not be able to blindly hit these keys universally.
1	Well, I would not expect you would have to manually turn on the back lighting (which is not equally lit on all keys) and if you forget, the battery drains quicker.
1	If you don't use the device for a few minutes, it goes into some sleep state and then have to press a variety of keys to wake up.
1	I have tried several of Microsoft's split keyboards and found that the space bar and some other keys did not operate smoothly on several models so I returned them.
1	This keyboard is not only less expensive than those, but all the keys operate smoothly and with a small amount of noise.
1	Besides making those keys smaller than older boards, I see no reason for them to have rearranged them, but I'm sure that in time my hands will get used to it.
1	If you rest your wrist on it such that you bend your hand up to reach the keys you may cause yourself some wrist problems.
1	So all in all, the keys operate nicely, it's reasonably quiet and seems that it will be around my office for quite some time.
1	The extra features you get with the 4000 (like the zoom controller and soft keys) are marginal at best and don't make up for the lack of reliability.
1	I bought this to help with carpel tunnel but it has made it worse  You have to really push to use the keys and stretch like crazy if you have small hands  i have made 6 mistakes typing this.
1	Loved that keyboard, but the keys only held up for a little over a year before getting really difficult to use.
1	First off, I did give this some time to adapt to (around 1 week) and it is not the positioning that I have an issue with, it is the tactile  feedback of the keys .
1	I am not expecting mechanical keyboard feedback, but these keys are some of the  hardest keys to press down  for a membrane keyboard.
1	This defeats half the purpose of an ergonomic keyboard if you have to strain constantly just to  press down the keys .
1	I would rather type on a better feedback experience (mechanical classic layout) than an ergonomic with the  stiffest keys  of any keyboard I have ever used.
1	The  keys do not spring back  very well and the net result is that typing is not as comfortable as it could be.
1	It is really responsive( at least 15 feet away, which is all you would want to be) and the keys type just like you would text on a phone.
1	The main keys are fairly quiet, but the spacebar "clacks" like a gun going off in comparison.
1	The main keys are a bit quieter than my 10+ yr old "Microsoft Natural Keyboard" but overall that one is quieter compared to the constant "clack" (like there's ducks in my office) of the space bar.
1	I still prefer my old PS/2 white (now yellow) keyboard w/o all of the "hot keys" which is working great still but just no pretty anymore.
1	In only about 6 months the paint on the  keys are worn off badly .
1	It simply had several  keys quit working .
1	The other  keys feel muddy  if you will, no real good feedback, and sticks a lot due to the angle your hands rest.
1	Pretty good keyboard only complaints are some of the  keys need a hard press  to function.
1	However, the keyboard feels too large, and I often find myself  stretching to press the keys .
1	The keys are very quiet.
1	For styling reasons the bottom row of  keys become progressively smaller  toward the right side in order to visually align with the arrow keys and number pad.
1	I have used mine (an older version, of course) for over ten years, despite its  worthless function keys , because it is the only keyboard I can find that lets me type as much as I want without causing my wrists to hurt.
1	What I simply could not accept was how  sticky the keys  are.
1	The Microsoft Natural Keyboard Elite is easy to type on - the keys feel light and you don't need to use too much pressure.
1	The top row of  keys makes NO sense .
1	Sorry, but the keyboard is just too cramped and the unusual position of Shift and arrow  keys makes me screw up  pretty much every time I am trying to type a question mark.
1	It does not have separate 'Home', 'End', 'Page Up' and 'Page Down' keys that I use very frequently.
1	I purchased this keyboard a little over 3 months ago and already the  letters are coming off the keys  and the spacebar sticks.
1	They keys are arranged in a straight rectangle fashion, not staggered like a regular qwerty keyboard, so it's often unintuitive to type on it.
1	Unfortunately, for about 1/4 of the keys, when you press keys, the keyboard sends two keystrokes - the key pressed and the neighbouring key.
1	The keys are soft and not overly loud.
1	I took it apart to see why it stopped working and I was surprised to see that the plastic "floor" under the keys is not a single piece, but actually has lots of cracks and holes by design, and they give direct access to the electronics to anything you may throw in there by accident.
1	I was replacing a similar keyboard where the  letters had worn off the keys .
1	Withing six months an even worse problem (letters wearing off on the keys)with this keyboard!
1	I was seduced by the fancy function keys, the zoom bottom, and the cushioned wrist rest.
1	The rest of the keys were quiet.
1	Aside from that, the keyboard feels comfortable and it's correctly sized, and provides some extra keys that some might find useful (multimedia, mail, desktop, window switching and so).
1	Also, maybe it's because I've been using laptops too long, but I really have to  pound on the keys , which, for me at least, kind of defeats the purpose of an ergonomic keyboard.
1	As with several other people who have shared their thoughts on this product, I must say that I absolutely hate it because of the tiny arrow, page up/down, home, insert, delete, and end keys.
1	As a HTPC remote, this keyboard surely has far too few built-in media keys.
1	It only has mute, volume up and down keys at the top.
1	I've been using PowerDVD on the PC for a long time and I'm very much used to just pressing F, B, N, P (hotkeys for forward, rewind, next chapter, previous chapter) instead of using dedicated media keys.
1	There are also many special functions accessible only via hotkeys, such as Blu-ray's red, blue, green, and yellow buttons.
1	So I'm very comfortable being without dedicated media keys.
1	It feels more cramped than a laptop keyboard, mainly due to the much smaller Enter, right Shift, Backspace, and Control keys, which are the most used (that's why they are usually made wider).
1	Other often-used keys like Home, End, PgUp, and PgDn also need to be Fn-extended (meaning you need to press the green Fn key plus another key).
1	The  keys are much harder to depress  than most of the keyboards out there.
1	The  keys are much stiffer  than the generic Microsoft ergonomic Natural Keyboard elite.
1	Love the layout and feels better, however certain  keys require a lot of force to press , such as the space bar (right side requires a lot of force).
1	I would have appreciated knowing that some  keys get stuck  as I would have purchased a different item.
1	I like the soft feel of the keys and it's not terribly noisy, like my Dell L100.
1	But one attribute kills the potential beauty of this board, the space bar, which is one of the most used keys.
1	I also read that the lettering on the  keys wears off  after a short time.
1	Keyboard feels decent, although I will say that the keys feel like they have multiple-levels and it's kind of odd to hear the space bar make 3-4 clicks for one function (this could just be exclusively my remote) The one MAJOR con I have is the fact that it's an RF device that is easily attenuated by your left hand and seemingly has line-of-sight problems.
1	Often if I am blocking the left corner of the remote I will cause  keys to be skipped  while typing.
1	The  keys are not responsive , the mouse sensitivity is awful and the craftsmanship is shoddy at best.
1	The size of this keyboard is built more for guys who have larger hands, and I find I have to constantly move my hand around or stretch my fingers to reach all the letter keys.
1	Touch typists all know that the first five number keys are hit by the fingers of the left hand, and six through ten are hit by the right.
1	Trying to use this without being jolted out of what one is typing to look at the  keys is virtually impossible  because of that awkward split.
1	I just can't get used to the Ergo type keyboard, used to a flat one, never seem to get my fingers on the right keys.
1	Looks like they have one light in the middle and it barely manages to light up the far away keys.
1	As mentioned in other reviews, the  keys are hard to press  with the space bar being the worst.
1	While the layout and features of this keyboard are great, the  keys are terrible .
1	Mine worked great for about a month, then random  keys stopped working , and no amount of cleaning or tinkering would bring them back.
1	Cons - Keyboard has been reduced in size so much that the PageUp, PageDown, Home and End  keys require also pressing a function  key at the same time which is awkward and annoying.
1	I would have much preferred the arrow keys placed under the touch pad buttons than in its current location.
1	unfortunately the small right shift key and its promximity to the arrow keys produces way too many errors for touch typists.
1	To make matters worse the reduced-size cursor keys are not in the usual inverted T, but in a cruciform arrangement, which makes this keyboard pretty useless for people who engage in FPS games like Quake 2/3, Unreal etc.
1	First, which is more minor: the F-keys (F1-F12) are super small, yet there is a TON of dead space on the keyboard that could have easily accommodated normal sized F-keys or additional media buttons (more on this later).
1	Second: there is little difference between the height and feeling of the "mouse" keys for left and right clicks and the height of the touchpad.
1	For example, most keyboards have small nubs or bevels on the "F" and "J" keys that make it easier to know where your fingers are on the keyboard without looking down.
1	This keyboard also doesn't have media keys other than for volume and mute.
1	Many keyboards, including most others from Logitech, have keys for playing music and video for functions like Previous, Next, Play, Stop, etc.
1	Even if the keyboard required something like Logitech's SetPoint software installed in order to use keys like this, that would be fine.
1	But the  keys simply don't exist  even though there is so much empty space on the keyboard.
1	The  keys are shallow  and do not provide good feedback.
1	I often find myself fat fingering keys.
1	What's bad about it (minor points):  - It's hard to pick up the keyboard without hitting one of those goofy programmable side keys  - I don't like those extra programmable keys.
1	----------------------------------------------------------------------- EDIT: 7/2012 The shift and spacebar keys have developed too much resistance, and it's worsening my already sore tendons.
1	half the keys during the first year, making it very difficult to tell which is which.
1	* The third one (bought perhaps 6 months ago for my office) has an entire area of the keyboard (letters y,u,h,j,k,n,m) that is only very faintly responsive, so that you have to  bang those keys hard  to get the letters to type.
1	After rectifying this and plugging the keyboard in, I found that both shift keys, the return and enter keys, several of the F keys and the media  keys (I stopped testing at this point), did not work at all .
1	I tested the keyboard on several computers and stripped the keys off and replaced them with those of the first keyboard, just in case there was another problem with the keys.
1	But my newest replacement has a  mushy feel to the keys --no life in them.
1	As stated in other 1 star ratings before, various  keys have stopped working  on my microsoft keyboard and it's well under a year since I brought it.
1	Some of the keys have a little  too much spring in the keys .
1	meaning that they  keys can be difficult to push down .
1	So  i purchased this product it works great with the keys and everything it just the touchpad it randomly wouldnt respond it was extremely irritating and i would recommend you look around for different wireless keyboards.
1	The second started sending random keystrokes to the computer after about a month.
1	The key layout uses smaller keys than usual and takes a while to get used to.
1	But the  keys just don't have a nice response  and feel very flimsy.
1	My biggest issue with the keyboard is that the spacing of the  keys is too far apart .
1	Those keys are incredibly easy to press and the back of the keyboard rises slightly so you don't have to reach as far for the top rows.
1	The  keys are not as "soft"  as my previous Microsoft Natural Elite for CTX.
1	The other  keys seem pretty flimsy  too.
1	These keyboards are destroyed the moment a few drops of liquid gets in-between the keys.
1	However, just as the previous versions of the Natural, if you plan on using many keys simultaneously, this is not your keyboard.
1	The Natural 4000 shines in that it is very comfortable as the wrist rest area has built in pads with a soft leatherette feel, the keys are quiet, and we see a return to the front riser which alleviates wrist strain due to it assisting in keeping your wrists straight.
1	The Natural also gets high marks in that the keys are quiet, they are arranged in the correct standard of 104 or so key layout, so if you are a developer, you know exactly where the keys are going to be (as far as special symbols, namely the "|" key, the arrow keys, and the "Insert", "Delete", etc) are in their correct locations.
1	So many of the interesting models of ergonomic keyboards re-arrange the "Insert", "Delete", "End", etc  keys that it makes the keyboard awkward .
1	Another common mistake is the keyboard vendors  ake the arrow keys awkward  by moving the left and right arrow keys upward so that they are not aligned with the down arrow key as seen on the common standard.
1	This keyboard comes with many media keys that allow you to do such things as start your music player, adjust your volume, start many popular programs including your web browser, etc.
1	With the leatherette in the front, the soft glowing leds, and the extra meta keys, it reminds someone as if he or she has upgraded his or her keyboard to a sports car.
1	However there is an F lock key that should be checked, and is normal, but this simply isn't the case as the  keys simply do not work .
1	While many people could argue that they do not use the function keys, in an office environment one most certainly does (how many times do you hit F3 to "look for the search result again" after searching for text in a text editor?
1	The biggest issue I have is the number of keys one can press at a time before the keyboard simply can't handle any more input.
1	First person shooters, one may be able to pull it off, but even the simplest games such as Continuum, or even old titles such as Interstate 76 where multiple keys will be pressed as you are holding one key down for movement, and another one for an action, it is probably headed for failure.
1	The only final notes I can add for the Natural is noting the additional media keys, your mileage of going through a KVM to control multiple computers will vary.
1	Many KVM vendors will tell you that if you can not control your computer past POST and before boot, it is because the  keyboard has too many keys  and it is affecting the KVM.
1	Also, the Natural 4000 works well with Linux (but again, not well from the Gaming perspective) as there are a few methods that can be used to allow use of the additional media keys.
1	It is a very nice keyboard but some of the  keys dont work right .
1	They  keys are hard to press  so my typing has slowed down quite a bit.
1	I thought that i would miss keys because it has been years since my last microsoft natural keyboard, but i have a surprisingly low error rate - the shape is about the same as my old one I would guess.
1	so even though my hands are in a more natural position (wrist straight) my wrists hurt after typing because it's so  hard to press the keys .
1	LIKES: * TACTILE: I really like the tactile resistance of these keys when typing.
1	Nothing irks me more than a loose-buttoned keyboard where the buttons shake and click, and this keyboard is the diametrical opposite of that - a nice firm keystrike, with good push-back.
1	Most of the short cut keys even function with my locked down computer at work.
1	Although the ergonomic style of this keyboard is nice and alleviates wrist pain by keeping hands aligned with forearms, the  keys stick terribly  on this keyboard and there are often several extra characters entered that I must go back and delete, slowing down productivity.
1	It's sooo easy to get spoiled on the convenient layout of the keys.
1	The  keys felt a bit mushy  and I often would get multiple capitals when using the shift key.
1	I, too, find Microsoft's re-arrangment of the Ins/Del set of keys as well as the arrow  keys unfathomable .
1	My main and only gripe with the Dinovo was missing F1-F12 keys, and having to Fn+click for right-mouse click.
1	I would have given it only one star but liked the other functionality of the keys and especially the raised lip on the bottom of the wrist side of the keyboard.
1	(negative angle is when the edge of the keyboard where the space bar is,is higher than the further edge of the keyboard, where the function keys are).
1	Mouse pad is in a bad location making it  difficult to operate keys  on the right side of the keyboard.
1	The  characters rub off the keys  after about three months of constant use.
1	The  keys require too much force to depress , and are too thick, which makes it difficult to type fast without creating typos.
1	Otherwise, it's was a functional, ergonomic keyboard, that is, until the "1", "4", and "7" number  keys stopped working .
1	Like so many others, a bunch of keys stopped working on mine.
1	With a spacebar actuator on both the left and right sides of the keyboard, this problem would disappear and the space bar would actuate like all of the other keys (which respond nicely).
1	All but one of the keys on this keyboard are great.
1	good quality overall , but an extremely sensitive touch pad along with  sticky keys  that will occasionally give a long line of the same letter, or scroll uncontrollably to the top or bottom of the page prevent me from giving it a top rating.
1	the constant fishing around for the proper keystrokes led only by your sense of touch.
1	The  keys are very small .
1	The media controls: Are only accessible via function keys.
1	I could find no physical or environmental reason for the  keys to stop working .
1	The key action is too stiff, the programmable  keys are not really programmable , and the space key sticks on occasion.
1	Could have more WMC keys.
1	The  keys are now much louder  and the letters have come off of half of the keys after only two weeks!
1	My last keyboard lasted me about five years and all of the keys are still readable.
1	There's a nice feel to the hand placement and good action in the keys.
1	Some  keys were hard to push .
1	It's really bulky one, and  keys are not soft at all .
1	I had  trouble even in pressing some keys  - had to return it on the same day I received the product.
1	I do transcription work, I haven't been able to become fully adjusted to the arrangement of the keys.
1	The biggest pains are the number 6 key, and the distance between the arrow keys and the alpha keypad.
1	I have had 2 of these microsoft keyboards, and they all have had the same problem, the  keys stop working .
1	My second objection is that the I don't feel the raised bumps on the F, J, and 5 keys , and I frequently find my fingers in the wrong position, typing junk, and having to go back and correct.
1	I really didn't need to, my fingers fly on the old KB, but wanted USB and wanted a bit quieter keys.
1	), and the split in the keys is very comfortable for me.
1	Now I don't need a specific "gaming KB" to play games, but I do need to be able to press more than 2 or 3 keys simultaneously.
1	Half the time I miss it or I  hit multiple keys .
1	* On my PS2 old KB, the backslash is under the ENTER key, and I use that key for game functions (I game with mouse and arrow keys, not with WASD keys).
1	It is a decent KB, comfortable, split very well, and quiet keys.
1	It was light and typed fairly nicely, but after a few weeks  keys started getting stuck  or just not working at all.
1	Also, a few  keys have just totally gone dead  and you have to bang them down to make it work again.
1	I have never had this problem with other keyboards, even my Gyration very mini-keyboard where the  keys are very small  and very close.
1	In only about 6 months the paint on the  keys are worn off badly .
1	The  keys are mushy  and feel cheap.
1	Ergo: The shape of the keyboard and placement of keys (other than spacebar), is pretty darn comfortable Keyboard noise/response: Doesn't make too much noise which is good(but neither does it feel rock solid.
1	Billions of useful hotkeys: You don't need all of them, but there are plenty of options, and if you start to get lazy there's a key for everything or a key you can customize to get anything done.
1	-- While i don't mind this keyboard, the hard  keys are frustrating .
1	First, I personally feel that inlaid  keys are a gamers worst nightmare .
1	I can't tell you how many keys I have assigned that require me to hit something with the side of my hand or pinky finger.
1	With inlaid keys, this becomes difficult to impossible.
1	The second problem is that this comes with a key stroke limit - after you have about 3 keys down at once, it stops reading what you are doing.
1	PROs + Size is excellent, smaller than a typical tv remote + Keyboard is very compact but the keys are large enough to be usable + Touchpad is a key advantage of the design and is big enough to be usable + Mouse keys and arrow bottons are well placed, below the touchpad + Range is fine (some reviewers criticized range but I had no problems, see note below on line of sight) + Battery life is good CONs -  Keys are poor quality  and often stick or require multiple touches to register (sometimes you press a key once and have it fill the screen with the same character, other times you have to press the same key 4 or 5 times to get anything) - Touchpad often is not responsive (when it works it's great but often it doesn't and you have to turn it off and on again) - Appears to require line of sight connection with USB receiver.
1	- Frequently have to turn on/off the keyboard to unfreeze the keys and touchpad (even in the middle of active use) - Missing F9-F12 function  keys which is a problem  for some applications (not a huge problem but an issue) - Have to recharge from a PC with a USB port.
1	I didn't like the  way the keys or the space bar responded , all very stiff & noisy.
1	This keyboard seems to  drop keystrokes  (particularly the spacebar) and there is no known workaround.
1	Aside from a slightly different keyboard layout which I'll have to get used to, I'm much happier with that keyboard -- no problems with the spacebar, very responsive keyboard, and no stiff keys aside from the function keys.
1	It was hard for me to reach all the keys that required my pinkies (it actually hurt and gave me finger cramps!
1	And the way the  keys pushed felt weird , like I couldn't really feel if I had struck the key, I had to look at my screen to see what I'd typed.
1	the keys are soft to the touch and i didn't mind that either.
1	The tactile response of the  keys is less crisp , the texture of the keys is more grainy, and the keys do not appear to be as well attached.
1	I was surprised to read that so many others are having this same issue, with  keys that up and stop working .
1	I've had the second one for roughly nine months and now, like other users, certain  keys are unresponsive  such as the 'n.
1	This probably would have been fine if it wasn't for the addition of arrow keys wedged in under the Enter key.
1	It does have a nice feeling keystroke, the range and accuracy of the wireless seems excellent, and the touchpad (the reason I bought this model vs.
1	However the keys themselves are labeled with what appears to be just wet-transfer decals (like the ones you get in a model airplane kit) which will undoubtedly rub off with use.
1	The  keys have a cheap plastic feel  unlike the earlier MS ergonomic keyboards.
1	the lay out is just fine, but it took a few weeks to learn to hit the  keys hard  enough to make them work, I now find myself pounding away at my keyboard, which is working ok for me.
1	the  keys are also so hard  to use, I do end up making countless mistakes even after using it for over 6 months now.
1	its easy on your hands from a position point, but I wonder how much wear and tear I am getting from the way I have to pound these keys?
1	I have also worn most of the letters off the keys.
1	I really liked this keyboard when I got it, despite the fact that it was missing the 'V' key and had two 'D' keys instead.
1	The keys have a sure over-center action.
1	I enjoy the ergonomics of the key board, but one feature that I also love is the quite touch keys.
1	Don't be gutless like me and make sure you return your keyboard if any of hte keys make clicking noises.
1	The slightest drop of liquid on the keys of this keyboard will completely ruin it.
1	This evening in an attempt to fix it I plug it in only to discover that more  keys don't work .
1	These  keys have funny shapes  to fit with the overall shape of the keyboard.
1	nice and smooth on the keys and nice looking.
