1	would be nice if the mouse buttons were on the other side of the keyboard so with one finger can operate track pad, then other hand have mouse buttons.
1	It works (connects easily and every time) and it's nice to have the laptop style trackpad built-in, unfortunately the keys are cramped for serious typing.
1	MS keyboards (especially this one) are very wide and use a ton of space to the right of the arrow keys, mainly for the number pad.
1	Look for something that doesn't use an idiotic F-lock design, and get a keyboard without (or with a detachable) number keypad section, so your hand can get to the mouse more easily.
1	My biggest problem is the touch  pad was not responsive enough .
1	Using my thumb for the touch  pad presented a problem  and was harder than I expected to operate.
1	" It's at least 3 inches wider (and a lot bulkier) than my old standard Dell keyboard, not counting the wrist pad or elevating stand.
1	The wrist pad feels nice but picks up debris really easily.
1	the touch  pad wasn't as responsive  and the range wasn't as good either.
1	The mouse  pad is terrible .
1	The  pad is just too small .
1	I'm going to try the other Rii device w/ blu tooth and the touch pad in the middle.
1	Supposedly that touch pad is adjustable.
1	4 Ghz Super Long Range (30m Max) Removable Battery Htpc Ipad with Connection Kits Full Qwerty Keyboard Adjustable Dpi Touchpad for Pc, Apple, Xbox360, Ps3)   Had it for 3 months now, love it.
1	The track pad is decent, you can even game with it.
1	The other "extra" keys haven't gotten much use yet, but as I ramp up the keyboard's use for work -- and Excel -- I think I'll really like the extra numeric keypad keys (parens and equals).
1	I needed an illuminated quiet wireless keyboard with a touchpad.
1	The touchpad is not functional and keys appear to stick or just don't respond at all.
1	Overall the touch  pad is mediocre  and not as good as a laptop!
1	Pros: - perfect ergonomics - nice leather wrist padding Cons: - noisy spacebar - spacebar presses harder then letter keys - F-keys devided into two groups, while classically it should be three - a bit large Could be perfect without issue with spacebar.
1	We really need a touch pad due to reduce strain on our hands, but this keyboard only added new strains.
1	 Touchpad is jerky  as can be and constantly causes unwanted double taps.
1	The touch pad is not as jerky and seldom double taps when not intended.
1	The  touchpad is unresponsive  or insensitive.
1	One clue is that the System Profiler claimed to be able to see the device when the USB dongle was plugged in even though the computer stopped responding to keystrokes or the touchpad.
1	The track pad is decent for most purposes but utterly useless for games requiring a mouse.
1	after a week the mouse  pad seem to have a little problem .
1	At first most of the keys were jumbled up so whenever I would type something it was displayed wrong on my computer screen for instance if I hit the 6 button on the numeric keypad it would display.
1	CONS: The touch  pad is actually terrible .
1	The touch  pad is sometimes very slow  to respond to two-finger scrolling or sometimes not responsive at all!
1	Has some but not all "F" keys and a dedicated Ctrl+Alt+Del key Cons: Placement of the touchpad is OK but seems to hinder your typing some, Touchpad not very responsive with sensitivity all the way up.
1	Overall if you can put up with it possibly going dead after a few months and realize that the touchpad is only useful if you have nothing else it's OK but I most likely am not going to repurchase another one.
1	Pros: - Very small but usable - Back lit keyboard - Long battery life - USB rechargeable - Inexpensive Cons: - Track  pad not very sensitive  - Waking it from sleep mode can be troublesome at times - Seems to need a direct line to the wireless dongle The biggest complaint I have is the track pad sensitivity.
1	When it works as advertised, the keyboard is great, touchpad and keyboard makes web surfing from the couch enjoyable.
1	I would actually like the touch-pad centered under the keyboard like a laptop.
1	The left  touch-pad button is way too big  and is unresponsive for many things like re-sizing windows and moving them.
1	Left  touchpad button is too big  and doesn't respond very well.
1	The  touchpad latency isn't very good .
1	OK, it is a keyboard with a touch pad that is wireless and works through a small USB receiver.
1	The curve of the keypad layout is slightly better than the traditional linear design of those freebies.
1	Not only are the curves natural and well molded but the minimally padded leather-imitation wrist-rest offers a silky sense of luxury.
1	My biggest problems is trying to use shortcuts is all but impossible as the mousepad gets in the way and the charge doesn't seem to last all that long if it's actually being used for anything more than typing a quick URL or using the mouse for a few quick clicks.
1	The touch  pad isn't nearly as sensitive .
1	I'm just very  disappointed in the touch pad .
1	MS did some things right: It's in black (gone are the days of the beige box), power user keys a re included, the keyboard now has a base tilt, and finally rest pad.
1	Also, the 4000 is far more comfortable on the palms with its addition of padding.
1	The good: + small + light + no reception issues + very tiny USB dongle + convenient volume control + it has a touch pad + Perfect if you are sitting in front of your TV and have to write an email, do a google search, etc.
1	The bad: + After 2 months the touch  pad stopped working : Only a small corner on the top left side is still working, the rest is insensitive to touch.
1	The numeric key pad and the regular typewriter keys are fine.
1	In summary: Pro: Ergonomics are good Typewriter keys and numeric keypad are fine Con: arrow keys and navigation keys are too small and in a non-standard position keyboard is wobbly and little flimsy keys are a little mushy when pressed.
1	That's not all as the keyboard also had at least 1/2 sec input lag in the touchpad and the left touchpad button was mushy and did not click when I pressed it and also had problems registering the key press in the first place.
1	I do wish they had kept the editing keys and dispensed with the num pad altogether so that the keyboard wouldn't take up so much desk space.
1	BOTTOM LINE:  If you want a production usage, moderate to heavy typing, wireless keyboard with a mouse pad, DO NOT GET THIS ONE.
1	BECAUSE I will be using my old wireless FULL size, non-mouse pad, keyboard rather than this too small of a one for my typing, I am personally giving this 1 out of 5.
1	Ah, but it is only almost full size when you include the touchpad.
1	The touchpad works find, but overall the keyboard it too lightweight for effective typing from one's lap.
1	Next, I was surprised to find that the touch pad is multi-touch.
1	Also the keyboard is huge, and if you're not a big number pad user and you're right handed, it puts the mouse waaaaay too far to the right to be covenient or comfortable.
1	There's a big mouse pad.
1	However, my main issue is that I find the mouse  pad not very responsive  or sometimes to responsive.
1	Because it's a small area, you have no choice but to pick up your thumb and move it back onto the pad sometimes and this can be interpreted as a "click".
1	The keypad itself is nice it feels good and is responsive etc.
1	for some reason (maybe oils from my finger) the touch mouse pad likes to move on its own and move the webpage back in history to previously viewed webpages.
1	The tracking on the  touchpad is not very good at all .
1	This will work great as a backup keyboard when the full sized Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 with Built-In Multi-Touch Touchpad (920-003070) arrives.
1	Until then, when I get sick of trying to hone in on an "ok" button with this mouse, I switch to an iPhone app that works as a trackpad or just use VNC.
1	Of course the keypad del key is important to enter into the BIOS on a lot of motherboards, so you can't do that with this keyboard.
1	Keyboard and trackpad seem to work fine, however I wish the backlight was brighter.
1	Extra keys above number pad are useful and make sense.
1	Pros: - Keyboard works well - Lights up Cons: - Some media buttons are switched (not correct) - Mouse  pad sometimes does not work  correctly (which is annoying) I'm not sure it's worth the price.
1	Plus, the padded wrist rest feels nice and is sloped nicely.
1	The  trackpad buttons need to be pushed hard  to register a click.
1	Worked okay the 1st month, but after a 3ft drop off the couch onto a hardwood floor, the  touchpad mouse gave up  and became useless.
1	The mouse buttons are unreliable, and I find the  touchpad to be difficult to use .
1	On the first day I got this keypad thing, I noticed that the lazer pointer didn't work.
1	The  touchpad doesn't react that smooth  but you get used to it.
1	Mouse works great most of the time, mut it will suddenlyu freeze up and it may take as many as 17 swishes on the pad before it movesd.
1	As is the case with other mouse pads, it also struggles to discern the difference between putting one's finger in the pad and a tap-click.
1	then i went and found another wireless keyboard with a touchpad and they canceled my order.
1	All keys (including left and right click under the touchpad), backlight, and laser pointer still work.
1	Got the perfect touchpad sensitivity in the first shipment, but there was something wrong with one of the keys.
1	So I exchanged for another, but the new one had the  sensitive touchpad problem  several reviewers have talked about (can easily select, move or launch things accidentally).
1	I thought it was just a lemon because the touchpad sensitivity was perfect in the first one.
1	After 2 more exchanges, I realized it was the "normal" touchpad.
1	The right side of the keyboard is a little awkward to access with your thumb having to  jump over the touchpad .
1	It would have been nice if the touchpad had multi-touch and scrolling capabilities, but I realize it is an inexpensive unit.
1	Yes, you can set the touchpad to operate at 90 degress (to use one handed, like a TV remote), but the mouse-click buttons don't switch, with the right-click button the more natural to press.
1	Everything on the right size is shrunken down to make room for the trackpad, but it's infuriating to type on.
1	They honestly should have just made it a NORMAL sized keyboard and just omitted the numeric keypad to make room for the trackpad.
1	The  touchpad was zero functionality , so not much else to say for that feature.
1	The keyboard and touch-pad work very well, but the receiver is line-of-sight.
1	The  track pad is very poor .
1	It's compact, has a full keyboard with a logical layout of keys, has an effective touchpad with a scrolling zone on the right side, and has great backlighting and battery life.
1	I've gotten used to it, but it would have been nice if the trackpad woke up the device ((the trackpad will not respond until clicking a key).
1	The trackpad, although small, can cover the screen in about 3 swipes.
1	Also, typing is a bit awkward with the right hand to stretch over the touchpad but you should expect that given the layout.
1	Pros: -nice design, nice size, feels good to hold and type on with your index fingers -laster pointer a bonus -backlight a plus -adjustable touchpad is a nice feature -compatible with linux -ability to change rf channels -decent price Cons: -very weak signal, inconsistent, signal will break depending on the orientation of the device Unfortunately I cannot recommend this device to anybody seeking a wireless keyboard.
1	You cannot even type 30-40 characters w/o a signal drop (5-15s) and needless to say this makes the use of the  touchpad VERY annoying. <i>.
1	Both devices showed up in the same package with no padding for shipping of any sort, just a simple envelope.
1	the worst part, however, is the touch  pad seems to have a mind of its own .
1	The  touch pad performs random move , merge, select, open etc.
1	The Track pad on my android tablet though tracks wonky side to side is up and down and up and down are side to side.
1	The  track pad issue  is not a big deal as this is a tablet and I only need the keyboard.
1	The  touch pad mouse control is tempermental  and hard to control.
1	I can only get 5-7 feet before the keyboard and  touchpad begins to drop button  presses and finger scrolls.
1	The buttons below the  touch pad are completely different  than other pictured models.
1	The keys are grid shaped, not offset like a normal keyboard and because of the touch pad on the right it's not as easy to type on as say an Iphone because you'r right thumb has to reach considerably further to hit any of the keys.
1	I first used this on my gaming machine that I sit about 2 ft away from and noticed a  slight laggy input when using the trackpad .
1	Laser works, light up keyboard works ok, buttons work ok, mouse pad works ok, but nothing works really well.
1	The smaller remotes with an integrated keypad promised to be far too awkward, so I went with this product because of the Logitech name.
1	The real  problem is the touch pad .
1	The sensitivity seems to vary randomly and, when moving my finger across the pad to relocate the cursor, it often performs a "hold the left button down to drag" function, forcing me to hit the escape key and start again.
1	Tapping the  touchpad produces random results .
1	Cons: The  ouchpad blows , good luck navigating the arrow across the screen without activating a link unintentionally.
1	i did no know so i bought one easy to use 30ft range comes with mouse and right and left click buttons cons: light weight feels cheep with the  mouse pad in the way  it slows down your typing speed you need to hold down the shift key to shift.
1	Very convienent having track pad built-in.
1	The mouse moves at different speeds as your finger  glides consistently through the pad  - it was excruciating to get the mouse over an icon.
1	Even if you are comfortable using a cell phone and/or laptop and/or iPod, the use of the  track pad (essential for some functions) is laborious  and futile.
1	 Trackpad isn't very sensitive  but you get used to it.
1	Unless the battery is fully charged the  track pad has serious issues  with skipping around and the sensitivity of it is terrible.
1	I guess in a nutshell the  touchpad is too sensitive .
1	Trackpad - it's very nice to be able to sit back on the couch and not need to worry about a mouse while browsing Netflix, etc.
1	Trackpad - the buttons have a soft click to them, and the texture is mottled and just wasn't super comfortable for me.
1	Additionally, the trackpad is garbage and hard to use on a Windows 7 environment.
1	It's really a shame, as Favi could do very well in the HTPC keyboard market if they put a little care in their keyboard design using HTC examples, in addition to replacing the crap-o-la trackpad with an optical-pad (again found on the G2 phone).
1	The touch pad does the job but the right and left click should be on the left side, not by the touch pad.
1	the touchpad works great although i havent figured out (or even read the manual.
1	it feels very light and im missing the number keypad but i guess ill have to get used to that.
1	Nice form factor for the HTPC but my chief complaint is the  touch pad is overly sensitive  to "press" so you end up doing the equivalent of right-mouse-button clicking unintentionally.
1	When it did work, the touchpad took a while to get used to as it has a smaller surface area than a laptop touchpad (scrolling around on your PC at max resolution was a lot of work).
1	The  trackpad is kinda useless  and tiny for my large fingers.
1	*2 people have managed to pop a numpad key off that will not go back on, may or may not be product at fault.
1	5 stars 2nd purchase: left touchpad button much better, works most of the time, but still no comparison to Apple's or Synaptic's touchpads with which you pretty much forget you're using them at all because they are so perfectly ergonomic that they totally merge into one's work-flow.
1	The touchpad however is awesome in both, Windows and Mac OS, incl.
1	The additional left-click button in the top left is a creative invention I sometime find myself using :) 1st purchase/ old comment: gosh, can the trackpad's left button pretty much be called (semi) defective?
1	I have to press the button *really* hard while one-finger dragging on the touchpad, otherwise the drag operation interrupts: a window drag stops, dragged content (files, folders etc.
1	When I use the top-left mouse button + the tp instead dragging works, so it's definitely that left  trackpad key which is not good .
1	The  mouse pad is not as sensitive  (accurate) as I had hoped and is frustrating sometimes.
1	It would simply be better if the click buttons weren't on the same side as the touchpad so you could hold down the click button with one hand and use the touchpad with the other hand for situations requiring scrolling, dragging, or selecting multiple objects etc.
1	I don't like it because, you have to wait on it while it scrolls whereas using the click button and the touchpad would be faster and more accurate.
1	The typing and touchpad are all functional.
1	Also, the surface area of the  touch pad is rather small  so it was hard for me to scroll.
1	The trackpad location would be OK if the mouse buttons were on the opposite end.
1	Instead, they are right below the trackpad, which significantly slows down the speed at which you can perform move/click operations and makes dragging virtually impossible.
1	The D-pad below the trackpad is nice for navigating WMC menus, but would be a heck of a lot more useful with a dedicated Enter button in the middle.
1	The trackpad is not the kind you are used to on your laptop--it seems overly sensitive or under-sensitive.
1	The keys seem to work ok from that distance, but the  trackpad is very laggy  at about 5M - 6M away.
1	The idea is great, 4 or 5 stars for that, the design of the keyboard, touchpad, etc.
1	This is a very well made keyboard with nice features, but for me, the  trackpad is too close to the keyboard  which means my pinky kept hitting it, sending the cursor to random places on the screen.
1	Unless you have have tiniest pinky pad in the world - good luck controlling your cursor - it is like playing a random "catch the pointer".
1	The only thing I don't like is the numeric pad.
1	Does anyone know of a keyboard that is like this (gentle curve, low profile) but missing the numeric pad?
1	The  touchpad no longer works properly  - as you tilt the device, the cursor moves (I gently cleaned it with a dry soft cloth) 3.
1	Bigger, but smaller than a normal sized keyboard and an integrated touchpad.
1	There are nice touches, such as the scroll knob in the middle of the keyboard and the padded palm rest.
1	Clicking on the  trackpad isn't the best .
1	Like the title states, I really wanted this to work, a nice lighted keypad, with a touch pad for my bedroom HTPC would have been nice to have, it was a good size and felt nice in the hands, however it just did not work and I am not going to try another one based on the bad reviews.
1	 I was not able to use the trackpad  with any type of precision and it kept registering even the lightest of strokes as clicks.
1	It was difficult to use, and the  trackpad was very unresponsive .
1	I sit comfortably on my sofa and its as responsive as the track pad on your laptop.
1	The product works well, the touchpad is responsive and scrolling was a neat feature.
1	On the upside, this keyboard does look very nice and feels very good to rest my palms on the cushioned pad.
1	One is that the  track pad is very twitchy .
1	Because of the small size of the track pad, you have to turn the mouse speed up quite high to be able to move from one side of the screen to the other with one or two swipes, but then it is so sensitive that it is hard to control precisely.
1	It worked great for awhile, and now the mouse  pad doesn't work .
1	On a working unit the only complaint is the  passable sensitivity of the track pad .
1	The track pad is really only acceptable for GUI, not gaming.
1	To right-click you have to stop what you're doing onscreen, look at the pad on the right, locate the dang right-click button and click it.
1	This integrated keyboard and touchpad is a great idea for a media TV, but the  touchpad is awful .
1	do not buy this if does not work i boust it and when i got it the lazer did not work the worst shipping ever something els was broken inside and to make it worst the  mouse pad did not worck cerecly  and they do not give refunds!
1	Biggest complaint is that it feels awkward to type with thumbs with the trackpad on the right side and that the  trackpad is not very responsive  as a laptop trackpad.
1	Pros: * Backlit keys * Mouse pad that works in both orientations * rechargable * very small and portable * useless laser pointer (maybe a con also as the kids might shoot each other in the face with it) * fairly cheap Cons: - limited range, like 10 feet at best - mine wont connect using the extension cable, must plug directly into machine.
1	In general this is a good keyboard: * comfortable wrist pads * excellent ergonomic positioning of the keys * plug and play in windows 7 - I did not install the software that came with keyboard and all the keys I ever use work without it (including volume up/down, play/pause etc.
1	I haven't yet used it within a suite like XBMC or Boxee, so it might be more effective if you were predominantly using arrows and not a mouse, but the  trackpad is not very functional .
1	this is a good little device BUT the  track pad did not perform well  and the range was less than 20ft if you were wanting it to go through a wall.
1	The concept is good, having (almost) a full keyboard and a touch-pad in a device of the same size as a regular remote-control.
1	Features are great including new keys introduced above keypad and soft handrest.
1	Cons The  mouse pad is off to the right  which I didn't like as much as the Adesso above which is in the center.
1	Im not about to write a dissertation with it, but short emails and web URLs are no issue + it works + the laser pointer is handy for messing with my dog + backlit display + the 4 way arrow button makes browsing the web easy(er) & partially saves the disappointing touchpad Not so Awesome: - goofy mouse button locations -  touch pad isnt very responsive  & cheap plastic feeling - remote needs a direct line of sight to the receiver.
1	* improve the touch pad or replace it with either a trackball or a trackpoint joystick * improve wireless signal so I wouldn't have to buy a USB extension cable to mount the receiver to the top of my TV * the "world's first Touchpad 90-degree flip design" is a worthless feature for this keyboard.
1	The laser and flippable touchpad aim at presenters, the keyboard and small form factor appeal to HTPC users, however this keyboard kinda misses the mark on both accounts.
1	It was wonderful to put my hands on the wristpad (which was lightly padded and covered with faux leather--it's really better than it sounds), ready to type.
1	The only aspect that is really, really annoying is the arrangement of the 4 arrow keys (LEFT, RIGHT, UP, DOWN)-- the separate arrow keys that are not embedded in the number pad.
1	I'd pay for extra $ to improve this key arrangement or have the usual arrow key arrangement at the expense of the separate number pad.
1	A wireless handheld (QWERTY)keyboard with touchpad and laser pointer,  bought with thoughts of computing while removed from immediate proximity to my monitors/keyboards and not having to balance a  fullsize keyboard in my lap.
1	The touch pad I found surprisingly useful and accurately dependable.
1	com/gp/product/B005DKZTMG/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/184-4041857-8525337">Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 with Built-In Multi-Touch Touchpad (920-003070)</a> it's really quite tragic.
1	but, much to my extreme dismay, i found the touchpad was also opening/closing windows.
1	if it weren't for this  godawful touchpad feature  (which can't be disabled!
1	but, much to my extreme dismay, i found the touchpad was also opening/closing windows.
1	if it weren't for this godawful touchpad feature (which can't be disabled!
1	The wrist pad feels very soft and comfortable, and my hands don't hurt after long periods of typing.
1	This mini keyboard works well under linux, although the  touch-pad is very sensitive .
1	Combine that with the small mouse pad and keyboard and you have to get up and point the device to get it to go more than 10ft away.
1	End of story I returned this crap quality device for a small logitech K400 unit a bit larger with full size keyboard and trackpad built in.
1	But after 6 months or so several keys stopped working (colon/semicolon + some keypad keys) despite only light use and no spills.
1	Occasionally I will hit the 'new' equals sign instead of NumLock (there is a separated row of four buttons atop the number keypad) Rarely will I use the keyboard's back button (think mouse) as it is more conveniently reached that the forward key.
1	If that is not an issue, and you require neither key tap resistance, nor key tap click feedback then you will be happy with this natural keyboard -- the additional 'curve' of the keys offered no challenge to me already familiar with microsoft natural keyboards,  I appreciate the 'front loaded' height of the keyboard, but the padding leaves much to be desired.
1	One can feel pad flex with considerable applied pressure but if you're looking for a cushy wrist- or palm rest please consider buying an additional pad.
1	(Guys, is it really that big a deal to add a few pennies' worth of padding to these things?
1	But now, the  touchpad is sluggish  and not all of the keys work.
1	A few months of use and now the touchpad and keyboard have stopped working.
1	The touchpad is really good.
1	Similar to Apple touch pads where you use one finger to move the cursor around and two fingers for scrolling.
1	What you are paying for here is a good touchpad and a small/compact keyboard.
1	Great idea, but this device continues to disconnect, and the  touchpad is very unresponsive .
1	Many times to even use the touchpad I have to press random buttons to get the device to connect, then I can use the touchpad.
1	While it's unresponsive at times and needs to be turned off and on again to make it work, and the  trackpad won't work  at all if your hands are dirty (and forget about it EVER recognizing trackpad taps), if you stick to it, you'll manage to navigate through your HTPC and get your movie started.
1	The position of the  trackpad causes your right thumb to reach over  too far and hurts (can't comfortably thumb type).
1	I like the padded wrist rest but that's all I like.
1	I was excited about buying a keyboard with a touchpad so I could ditch my wireless mouse, however, I do a lot of actual office work with it, and it drives me absolutely CRAZY that the right shift key is not full size!
1	Worked great for the first day, now the  trackpad only works about half the time .
1	The first one I recieved had a  defective mouse pad .
1	I like the idea f the keybard, and the tw finger swipe fr the musepad wrks really well, but if I cannt use a keybard as a keybard.
1	The keyboard is ok, but the numeric keypad on the right has quit functioning.
1	The backlight on the keyboard is pretty awesome but I do find the  touchpad to be unresponsive  at times.
1	The touchpad is ok, pretty much on par with laptop touch pads I've used.
1	1) the tap on the  touchpad is very sensitivee  and there is no option to disableee or correct.
1	As a left handed person I would really appreciate one with the keypad on the left.
1	The  touch pad is pretty bad  and unresponsive.
1	It's comfortable in the hand, the keys give a nice tactile feedback when pressing them, the touchpad works great, the backlight works great.
1	I managed to get fairly comfortable two-thumb typing on the device, and the touchpad was a dream to use on the HTPC.
1	Use: I wanted a full keyboard that was wireless with trackpad.
1	Cons: I don't like the design on the trackpad, the left click is tricky, it receieves a 'click' just fine but 'click and hold' requires a bit of pressure, the cursor key positions are very inconvenient for me.
1	Not only are the curves natural and well molded but the minimally padded leather-imitation wrist-rest offers a silky sense of luxury.
1	It stated to be compatable but the touch  pad does not work  with Wii.
1	The  trackpad however was the worst  and is totally unusable.
1	Its because of the section where the mouse pad is puts a distance between your right thumb and the alpha keys.
1	the range on this is a complete joke 5ft max  touch pad barely works  i bought a Rii mini and its amazing works great dont buy this buy a Rii mini bluetooth!
1	The product works exactly as described, but there are two problems I've had with the design: * There is no scroll on the side of the trackpad like all the other trackpads I use.
1	This may not sound like a big deal, but the major reason I use the keyboard/trackpad is to surf the internet on my TV.
1	One finger scroll on the right like on a Synaptic pad would be fine.
1	* Typing is hard because the trackpad on the right side gets in the way.
1	The  touchpad is sluggish  but functional.
1	This is a cool little RF wireless keyboard and mouse/touchpad.
1	2) The  trackpad isn't as sensitive  as it should be.
1	The touch pad is also great - although I did crank up the sensitivity.
1	Overall I'm happy with this keyboard because of it's size, price and overall good touch pad.
1	The keyboard itself and the touchpad are great.
1	The spacebar requires an unusual amount of force, compared to the rest of the keypads.
1	The spacebar keypad measures five and one-half inches in length but is only most responsive at its center.
1	The  keypad is less responsive away  from its center; until it tweaks or is completely stuck.
1	:>}  Either use the "enter" key on the number pad (you'll learn a lot about muscle motor memory if you do) or buy a new unit.
1	It was a pretty great deal for what I was going to use it as, just simply a keyboard and touchpad to give me some room on my desk.
1	They keyboard was built pretty well, it looked pretty nice and it had a kind of cool funky design on the touchpad.
1	This keyboard is small, comes with a touchpad, laser pointer and above all is blue tooth.
1	The trackpad seems responsive and allows for tap clicking but no multitouch.
1	It KINDA felt like typing on a phone but my normal right hand movements were impeded by the space that the trackpad was in.
1	However, it's too small, and the  trackpad just doesn't work well  enough to warrant not getting off the couch to use my laptop's trackpad.
1	NO Bluetooth, and  touchpad is very horrible .
1	It's not even close to Chines  fake laptop touchpad !
1	While the headset was on,  track pad usage on this product was non-existent  and keyboard strokes registered 1/10th of the time.
1	I really wanted that tiny keyboard/touchpad to complete my HTPC build.
1	I do appreciate that the numberpad and the function keys (Insert, Delete, Home, etc) are in the traditional arrangement.
1	The buttons have a nice feel, and the trackpad works quite well.
1	The trackpad is a good size making it useful, but still allowing the keyboard to be small.
1	The touch pad mouse is just fine, for what it is, and the 2 thumb typing on this board  is actually pretty good.
1	The range isn't that great and the  mousepad isn't really sensitive enough  for fine adjustments.
1	So I use the arrow key functions on the keypad and am getting used to switching the NumLock button on/off.
1	Being the owner of both a home server and a HTPC this seemed like the answer to my dream of a pair of full featured micro keyboards with a trackpad and I was excited to give one a go.
1	the only gripe i have about is the  touchpad, which does not work  at all right out of the box.
1	i can still navigate fine without the touchpad but this keyboard lost a major capability without touchpad.
1	The layout is decent, and the trackpad is actually pretty good- if all you need is a wireless mouse, it does "ok".
1	The responsiveness of this keyboard is good if you are right next to the receiver, but the  touchpad is not so responsive  no matter where you are.
1	The trackpad is ok (can't compare to the Apple Magic Pad), but the buttons on the  pad are a bit flimsy and definitely unreliable  -- takes a really firm click to register.
1	Also the mouse  pad is a little flakey .
1	For styling reasons the bottom row of keys become progressively smaller toward the right side in order to visually align with the arrow keys and number pad.
1	But the second one arrived from FAVI and it is poor quality - about 20% of the keypresses don't work, and the mouse  pad isn't sensitive enough .
1	Mostly the issues are trying to navigate with the tiny mouse-pad, and not accidentally clicking everything the cursor is on, bad if you have 1-Click set-up on Amazon.
1	The  mousepad is not that great either .
1	Then the option to adjust the touchpad orientation from vertical to horizontal is too cool.
1	Even when the letters were worn off the keypads it never made any loud clunking or thumping sounds.
1	I was attracted by the built in touch pad and found that to have disappointing performance.
1	I wasn't expecting it to be wonderful I admit and I think that I was disappointed to some degree because I generated an expectation for myself that I'd be able to use the touch pad with my thumb, but it doesn't work that way and probably never was intended too either.
1	As for the key pad, let us start with the fact that the  touch pad may get in the way of your right hand  typing if you intend to type with you thumbs like you do on your cell phone.
1	The touchpad is fine for basic mouse clicks and navigation.
1	You also cannot two-finger-pinch-zoom on the touchpad like you do on iOS devices, MacBook, or newer PC laptops.
1	Playing first-person shooters that require accurate aiming, however, could be problematic, as K400's  touchpad simply isn't as precise  as a more sophisticated gaming mouse, such as my Logitech G5.
1	And the lack of a numeric pad, not even an Fn-extended numeric pad, would further hamper an office user.
1	My  biggest gripe is with the touchpad .
1	The regular button under the touchpad is a little more solid, but the same thing happens occasionally.
1	The location of the mouse buttons is pretty odd because you will most likely be using your right thumb on the track pad while your left hand is sitting idle on the left side of the remote.
1	I would swipe my finger across the trackpad and it would react after a second or more.
1	Since your hand and fingers are not typically positioned in a way that is also exactly parallel to the sides of the touchpad, scrolling can be inconsistent.
1	As a desktop replacement keyboard, this is not the greatest solution, but there are few products that include an integrated touchpad.
1	A great keyboard remote for HTPCs, but the  trackpad is pretty mediocre .
1	Touchpad had crisp response and seemed to work well even with my larger hands (I'm 6'-0").
1	It seemed like a decent choice since it had wireless and also a touch pad attached which would spare me from having to awkwardly try to use a mouse on my sofa when needed.
1	I would have much preferred the arrow keys placed under the touch pad buttons than in its current location.
1	com/gp/product/B003UE52ME/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/182-1486758-9604328">Rii Mini Wireless Keyboard with Touchpad (RT-MWK01)</a> Receiver dongle USB plug and play loops connecting and disconnecting over and over again every second on Windows and Linux, defective.
1	good size, and the touchpad is very good.
1	Second: there is little difference between the height and feeling of the "mouse" keys for left and right clicks and the height of the touchpad.
1	They are especially needed when the height difference between them and the keyboard and the touchpad are all very similar.
1	I've been trying to use this keyboard for a few weeks, and just like my Revue keyboard that I've had for a year, I am pressing down on the touchpad at times thinking I am on the left-click button.
1	com/gp/product/B005JR1LXE/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/176-6700503-9867209">RII Mini Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard - Compatible with Apple iPad PC and Mac , Built-in Touchpad Mouse, Backlit Display and Laser Pointer</a>)to see if it does better with range.
1	The backspace key is narrower than normal, and there is no numeric keypad.
1	Layout is good but it is a little awkward reaching over the touch pad on the right to type.
1	The touch  pad works but is not sensitive  enough to use your thumb making operation somewhat awkward.
1	The touch pad is the same way.
1	So  i purchased this product it works great with the keys and everything it just the touchpad it randomly wouldnt respond it was extremely irritating and i would recommend you look around for different wireless keyboards.
1	It wasn't worth hassling with a return so I simply modified it with a bit of duct tape on the bottom front right pad.
1	The touchpad has a decent size and responds well, but it barely qualifies as multi touch.
1	Think of this as a basic wireless keyboard with a trackpad built in.
1	Pros Works out of the box Price was decent Feels Decently solid Cons Small size makes it a bit awkward to use 25% larger would have been nice The mouse pad is way to small and it's location on the device often gets in the way Overall, works for now.
1	It comes with a leather wristpad, a zoom lever, buttons to adjust volume, and it looks damn good in black.
1	The Natural 4000 shines in that it is very comfortable as the wrist rest area has built in pads with a soft leatherette feel, the keys are quiet, and we see a return to the front riser which alleviates wrist strain due to it assisting in keeping your wrists straight.
1	It was replacing one of those laptop sized keyboard/touch pad combination devices for controlling XBMC.
1	In this regard it works well, but it is somewhat hard to get about using the touch pad.
1	But the touch pad was perfectly clean.
1	My only complaint is that the rubber pads that keep the keyboard from sliding around on your desk keep coming off and when they don't come off they leave black marks on my desktop.
1	I will probably end up removing and adding my own rubber pads to the bottom to this keyboard, because I love everything else about it.
1	Yes the key board works and the track pad but the  track pad is super slow .
1	The whole point was making an egronomic workspace which is defeated if I have to move my arm to a different level to use the mouse or track pad.
1	Mouse  pad is in a bad location making it difficult to operate keys on the right side of the keyboard.
1	Mouse  pad has delayed reaction  and needs to be swiped several times to travel across screen.
1	I purchased this for remote use with an Acer pad computer.
1	The  touchpad on this thing is unusable , it's so out of control sensitive that even getting my hand or finger anywhere close to it (even on just the outside of the device on either the front or the back) cause the cursor to jump all over the place or begin clicking as it perceives more than one tap of the pad.
1	good quality overall , but an  extremely sensitive touch pad  along with sticky keys that will occasionally give a long line of the same letter, or scroll uncontrollably to the top or bottom of the page prevent me from giving it a top rating.
1	I do not have a light touch so I figure the  pad might take some getting used to , but some sort of adjustment like on a laptop pad would be useful.
1	poorly I hate to slam the product itself because it's trying to accomplish something that I don't think is possible: Combine a full keyboard, touchpad and multimedia controls into a compact unit with great battery life.
1	There are almost 1/4" edges around the perimeter of the  touchpad which makes it impossible to use  the full touchpad.
1	I'm sure they designed it this way for durability reasons, but it lowers the usability of the touchpad.
1	Even with practice it takes me 2-3x longer to mouse around the screen with it (compared to say, a Macbook touchpad).
1	However, its  trackpad was slow  and frustrating to use.
1	Touch  pad was the worst  I ever used.
1	The two-finger scrolling function on the  touch pad leave a lot to be desired .
1	The touchpad works for a few moments just fine, then just hangs.
1	The biggest pains are the number 6 key, and the distance between the arrow keys and the alpha keypad.
1	This keyboard is small and responsive except for the left mouse button under the touchpad.
1	For the size and layout, the keyboard and touchpad are easy enough to use, though the  touchpad is a bit finicky  at times.
1	It's black, so shows less finger grime, and I like the cushioned wrist pads.
1	The keypad is quirky, the  mousepad is not responsive enough , and overall it is just too frustrating.
1	PROs + Size is excellent, smaller than a typical tv remote + Keyboard is very compact but the keys are large enough to be usable + Touchpad is a key advantage of the design and is big enough to be usable + Mouse keys and arrow bottons are well placed, below the touchpad + Range is fine (some reviewers criticized range but I had no problems, see note below on line of sight) + Battery life is good CONs - Keys are poor quality and often stick or require multiple touches to register (sometimes you press a key once and have it fill the screen with the same character, other times you have to press the same key 4 or 5 times to get anything) -  Touchpad often is not responsive  (when it works it's great but often it doesn't and you have to turn it off and on again) - Appears to require line of sight connection with USB receiver.
1	- Frequently have to turn on/off the keyboard to unfreeze the keys and touchpad (even in the middle of active use) - Missing F9-F12 function keys which is a problem for some applications (not a huge problem but an issue) - Have to recharge from a PC with a USB port.
1	If they would purchase a better designed keypad and put it in a smaller keyboard and use the same gel wrist pad, it would improve it a lot.
1	also, i dont like the design on the mouse pad, plain black would have been better.
1	It does have a nice feeling keystroke, the range and accuracy of the wireless seems excellent, and the touchpad (the reason I bought this model vs.
1	It's some how seperated from the rubber spring pad under it, so every time I press it, it makes a loud clicking noise.
1	It's not, however, sufficient as a primary trackpad.
1	-- the footprint of the  touchpad surface is too small  by half (the proportion of finger move to the proportion of space you cover is doubled) and the precision response is too erratic (i.
1	You can easily find wireless USB and wireless Bluetooth iterations of its design as well, here at Amazon (and on eBay), but the hard USB cable connection sends a very accurate signal from a touchpad of near-ideal sensitivity.
