0	only thing more i could ask is reliable media controller pad . .
0	Other than those things I friggin love they key texture and how they punch and the touch pad for the audio and the lights is very responsive .
0	The touch pad on the top right is a lot like the PlayStation 3 system touch buttons . .
0	<p> Wrist pad is a plus makes my hands and wrist more comfy .
0	Also i and many other people have had some trouble with the touch pad and sometimes my keyboard will just go completely wonky and hardly work .
0	The media touch pad could stand to be a little more responsive but I've never had it crap out on me .
0	The touch pad menu is extremely easy to use and the blue lighting is invaluable if you use your computer in the dark . .
0	On the top right is a touch pad  media center used to control your music player . .
1	Many customers mentioned the media control touch pad was not responsive as well . .
0	buttons but this is really a minor concern and the touch pad is perfectly adequate . .
0	Maybe the back light and touch pad issues have been resolved in the product line I did notice that most of the negative reviews were older ones .
0	Good comfort thanks to the plastic wrist support pad . .
0	The Media touch pad works great I know some people will complain that there is no mute but it does not bother me . .
0	I can set it up to auto launch the custom profile when I launch the specific application game or I can manually switch it by press and hold the Razer logo on the Media Pad and then press the F Key that I have assigned to that profile .
0	Using a wrist pad with this keyboard would actually allow your fingers to down at an even more natural downward angle .
0	It also has volume controls and a sleep button and a number pad something I miss when using the laptops keyboard .
0	I might get a separate wrist cushion pad for this keyboard since it is so low set .
0	Key pad is lovely I actually have less typos now . .
0	The dedicated num pad is awesome and all of the function keys like volume sleep etc work PERFECTLY . .
0	The addition of a full sized number pad is very appealing but its kind of . .
1	Unfortanately I have reactions to the EMFs and the heat is unbearable even with fans since they end up malfunctioning anyway and then you have to work around the built in mouse pad too .
0	If you don't really care to much for lights beeping on the keyboard to indicate if caps lock is on or if the numeric pad is activated then just buy this keyboard .
0	It's flimsy it has a silly program that shows in the Systray if your caps or number pad are locked and it sometimes seems to run two copies of itself which clears up on reboot and I paid way too much prices are coming down fast but I sure got reamed when I bought mine .
0	On the right side of the board over the number pad which works as expected there are dedicated mute volume up down buttons . .
1	Anyone else not ever use the number pad section of keyboards .
0	I enjoy typing on this keyboard very much It's also great that there is a full number pad on this keyboard .
0	There are also volume up down mute buttons above the number pad .
0	i was looking for a wireless alternative to the apple keyboard with number pad and i found this .
1	The only real complaint I can think of is that the keyboard is not a true chiclet style key pad design .
0	No reservations can be made by this writer concerning the overall quality and key pad configuration .
0	The built in track pad is amazing the keyboard is simple but every single thing works like a charm without any configuration needed . .
0	Just finished assembling a system and wanted a compact keyboard without a numeric keypad but with a built in touch pad .
0	Just the right size & track pad is great . .
0	In order to make the keyboard smaller and allow room enough for the track pad . .
0	The on off switch located on the leading edge above the track pad is easily accessible and instantly powers the unit up or off so you can conserve battery . .
0	Mouse and multi touch sensitivity is not fluid as stock apple products such as the track pad .
0	I love the two finger scrolling on the track pad which is a good size and accurate . .
0	The touch pad is sensitive . .
0	it's got a touch pad so it can provide some of the basic functions of a mouse as well .
0	i failed to see the value of the industrial design of the touch pad but the two finger scroll is very user friendly .
0	i actually like it better than the traditional scroll bar on the right edge of the touch pad . .
0	The track pad is pretty good . .
0	It's just like using an average laptop track pad .
0	I am a Function over Form person so I can look past the silly lines on the touch pad and white under belly but where it really shines is the multi touch scrolling .
0	I have big hands so the hardest part for me is using a touch pad to scroll with a scroll bar .
0	Got the keyboard based on the fact that is multy touch but soon found out that is not the same like the touch pad I have in my laptop . .
0	The over all quality seems good and the attached mouse pad works great so far . .
0	You can move the cursor 2 fingers to scroll and left click by tapping on the pad .
0	It is primarily used with a home theater PC so the lightweight design and built in touch pad are great features . .
0	It features a 31 2 touchpad enabling freedom from using a mouse it also features right and left click buttons beneath the touch pad .
0	The touch pad is very responsive and the left and right buttons under the pad are easy to use . .
0	Sizing is right touch pad is great . .
0	3 and not convenient to use when sitting in the recliner my thought a wireless keyboard with a built in touch pad mouse would work . .
0	The only feature my laptop's touch pad has that the K400's dose not is pinch finger zoom .
0	I really like having the mouse pad as part of the keyboard . .
0	Great Wireless keyboard and touch pad .
0	Touch pad like a laptop and full keyboard with hot keys . .
0	The touch pad on the other hand is amazingly good .
0	The idea of a track pad I think pulls the idea all together .
0	Great keybord and pad so far it has worked great for home media center computer .
0	track pad works awesome way better then planed and I love thw extra left Mouse click button for your left hand it makes clicking easy . .
0	If you have a few more dollars to spend though and prefer a more robust wireless touch pad keyboard combo for game playing or serious work I'd skip this product . .
1	It sees the track pad as a mouse and I did find that the default speed was a bit slow .
1	I was swiping the pad several times to get across the screen .
0	He can now do his email or other computer stuff on his 32 TV while sitting in his easy chair He reports that the mouse works great and he can tap it instead of using the buttons it also scrolls by keeping your finger on the pad and sliding your finger up or down to scroll .
0	The track pad is multi touch so you can use two fingers to scroll and pinch to zoom in supported applications .
0	Easy to use and so handy with the build in mouse pad .
0	Great Keyboard and touch pad combination for a Media Center PC .
0	The other being better scrolling on the touch pad . .
0	It's a good wireless full sized keyboard with a full sized number pad .
0	If it were a full sized keyboard like the K360 and they just swapped the number pad for the trackpad I'd of given it 5 stars .
0	The mouse pad tires my wrist and it is only for right handed .
0	The mouse pad is very responsive . .
0	My only complaint is that flat surface for the mouse pad is not very ergonomic .
0	The only issues I've encountered is even though I only sit about 8 feet from my HTPC the connection can get spotty where the mouse is jumping all around the screen and I find the 'left click' button on the top left of the keyboard is more responsive and works better than the regular one under the track pad .
0	I can be anywhere in the room and the touch pad is nice too . .
0	Not all functions work like volume control but main things like text input and touch pad work great . .
0	If you use one finger on touch pad you bring up the pointer .
0	Two fingers on touch pad will enable you to scroll down a web page .
0	The full size touch pad has worked like a charm as well but I have no idea why they added the funky line graphic on it . .
0	You can tap on the mouse pad for a click or use those little buttons under the mouse pad .
0	The only problem i have with it is i sometimes touch the track pad by accident and click something while im typing .
0	The touch pad is accurate and is very intuitive . .
0	To sum it up I've found this keyboard with touch pad to work beyond my expectations and yes it is a perfect match for the Droid Bionic as another reviewer has stated but works with more devices than you might think . .
0	The touch pad is multi touch so scrolling is very easy .
0	I've owned a few of these wireless touch pad style keyboards and this logitech is by far the best one I've owned .
0	I bought this wireless keyboard a Month ago so far I have been using it every single day and it works great no missing characters when I type the pad works perfect I use it at about 10 feet from my HTPC and I have no problems at all . .
0	The touch pad is very sensitive to tapping so it often sends a mouse click when you are simply trying to move the cursor which is quite annoying and unnecessary since we have the physical mouse buttons . .
0	I gave it 4 starts because I think the lack of horizontal and vertical scroll areas on the track pad is an bad oversight .
0	Multi touch scrolling on the touch pad is wonderful feature that makes be want to use touch pads again . .
0	The touch pad itself is the most usable touch pad in general that I've ever seen .
0	A second left click mouse button on the left side of the KB touch pad is on the right is a very nice addition . .
0	This will allow you to customize the settings for the touch pad tap to click for example disable caps lock key and a few others and assign special actions to function keys fn f1 f12 which almost makes up for not having more media keys .
0	VERY NICE KEYBOARD AND TOUCH PAD MOUSE .
1	ACCURACY IS MY MAIN CONCERN DUE TO LOTS AND LOTS OF BAD REVIEWS AND COMMENTS ABOUT OTHER KEYBOARDS AND SIMILAR WITH TOUCH PAD WIRELESS STUFFS .
0	THIS KEYBOARD TOUCH PAD HAS JUST MADE MY LIFE EASIER AS A MATTER OF FACT I'M TYPING THIS REVIEW RIGHT NOW WHILE I'M LYING DOWN THE COUCH LOOKING TO MY 37 INCHES FLAT SCREEN TV WERE I HOOK UP MY DESKTOP CPU .
0	3RD TRY IS WHEN I CLOSED THE FRONT DOOR WHILE IM OUT SIDE WALK BACK ANOTHER 6 FEET THEN MOVE THE TOUCH PAD AGAIN AND THAT STILL WORK .
0	AND HAVING THE KEYBOARD AND A MOUSE PAD IN ONE BOARD IS JUST NICE YOU CAN DO A LOT OF THINGS ON YOUR COMPUTER EASIER AND WHILE YOUR LAYING DOWN EITHER ON THE MASTER BED OR ON YOU AS A POTATO COUCH .
0	Works great on lap or free handing touch pad is sensitive and smooth . .
0	I've had this keyboard with touch pad for a few weeks now and I'm very happy with it .
0	Reception is excellent and having the touch pad makes it ideal for media center applications . .
0	It has full compatibility with my phone including using the multi touch mouse pad .
0	The track pad is super responsive and does not work when you have more than one finger on the pad . .
0	It is slightly smaller than a normal keyboard the built in touch pad works well . .
0	I got this just for the track pad seeing I didn't want to use a mouse anymore .
0	I have no idea why this wasn't invented before track pad NEXT to the keyboard awesome for hooking your computer up to your tv .
0	I would like but can't as far as I know turn off the mouse click when the pad is touched .
1	No number pad is the only downside .
0	so many other wireless keyboards do not have the touch pad and this is the only one i could find with a touchpad that also isn't a mini .
0	It is light weight the multitouch pad works very well . .
0	This allows me to use my right thumb on the pad and my left thumb for clicking . .
0	Of course the is because they squeezed the arrow pad into this area .
0	But for me the track pad compensates nicely . .
0	Did have to turn off the double click option for the touch pad as it was to sensitive after which everything works great and watching internetTV through the computer attached to our TV is much more enjoyable .
0	It's about a foot long with a QWERTY keyboard and a touch pad that anyone used to working on mobile smartphones or tablets will immediately feel comfortable on .
0	the mouse track pad works very well and I am overall very pleased with this keyboard Buy it you wont regret it . .
0	I have always loved logitech products and own a whole lot of them I was not surprised when I received this as it was very easy to setup extremely plug and play the touch pad is nice and big and has a left click button on the left hand side of kb so you can use it with 2 hands . .
0	Track pad is on point and it's quite easy to type .
0	I never had a good surface to run the mouse on and this unit works very well using the touch pad . .
0	This keyboard has big touch pad surface left click button on the upper left of the keyboard for hand held operation .
0	The touch pad works great . .
0	BTNS under the touch pad The large buttons under the touch pad have dead zones especially the left click button .
0	The built in mouse pad is very convenient when hooking up my netbook to my smart tv . .
0	Mouse pad works great . .
0	Upon plugging it in windows installed the proper drivers making nearly all of the functions work the only things that do not work are the multi touch and scrolling on the track pad but I believe there are downloadable drivers to make those features work .
0	both keyboard and track pad work well . .
0	The left mouse button on the top left is an extremely nice touch and allows two hand and quick use of the mouse pad .
0	The touch pad works well two finger swipe will scroll the screen a double tap works as a left mouse click with almost perfect sensitivity . .
0	I'd also like to add how convenient it is to have a click button on the opposite corner of the touch pad .
0	On the right side there is space below the left right buttons under the touch pad for easy pick up of the keyboard . .
0	Or even better just use the K750 and replace the number pad with a touchpad and I would buy that in a heartbeat .
0	The track pad works great and the keyboard works as well as a normal notebook keyboard . .
0	touch pad on the right and a mouse button click on the left side . .
1	Cons No touch pad side scroll .
1	I rated it as 4 stars only due to touch pad buttons .
0	But You can also do that in touch pad itself what is much easier and natural .
0	<p> good keyboard combined with touch pad though touch pad doesn't feel as good as Apple's . .
0	Touch pad is easy to use . .
0	I recently purchased a CE Compass blackberry styled combo keyboard pad and this Logitech product is leaps and bounds above anything else I've used thus far .
0	The track pad is great the keyboard is full and the media buttons are present I love this keyboard . .
0	I just wish it had a number pad and the arrow keys are in an awkward place but it works well .
0	It has a large mouse pad and a very small frame which makes it easy to move around in your hands or place to place .
0	I don't use the number pad which is where the mouse resides .
0	The number pad removal is a great feature . .
0	I set up a Computer Multi Media Entertainment system and was wanting a keyboard and touch pad combo that was reliable and slightly smaller than a normal keyboard configuration . .
0	got this about 2 weeks ago and its great i'm using it to write this review this thing is great its got a different touch pad than my hp net book but on my big ol' hp tower its great i can run the ps3 and play on Facebook and watch Netflix on the big computer and not have to move so i can be super lazy but the price on amazon is slightly higher than what i paid for this at Walmart on here $34 at Walmart $29 .
0	arrows are a little to far inboard for ease of use and while the touch pad has a two finger scroll it means you have to change the position of your right hand to scroll .
0	This makes it great to use the track pad with one hand and left click a selection . .
0	I tried using the pad with my thumb there is a left mouse button on the left of the keyboad in addition to those below the pad but it's much more responsive to fingers .
0	One nice feature about the trackpad over the trackball is that tapping the pad is like a click so it's not necessary to use the mouse buttons for left mouse clicks . .
0	All functions on keyboard work straight out of the box volume touch pad etc .
0	touch pad works great . .
0	The touch pad is very easy to use and off to the side so you don't touch it by accident like you do on laptops . .
0	The built on mouse pad is very nice with the two finger scroll and three different options of left click no worries that you won't be able to click if one goes bad . .
0	Similarly the track pad size and performance are more than adequate for this kind of device but aren't really the selling point .
0	This is a great keyboard yes the right shift button can a little bit bigger most pad works great I use it on my laptop and ps3 works really well on both . .
0	<p> Nice large track pad .
0	Having the touch pad on the keyboard itself is excellent The placement of the touch pad is well thought out as well .
0	It is easy to hold the keyboard and use the touch pad .
0	There is even a button in the upper left corner that clicks the mouse so that you can hold the keyboard use the touch pad and click all without moving your hands .
0	The touch pad is a completely usable pointing device even when standing giving a presentation . .
