1	If you're okay with these minor constraints than it's a great device, good wireless range, decent battery life, fair construction, etc.
1	Was really excited about having a compact keyboard with backlit keys for my home media center, but the  range proved to be a problem .
1	The back light worked great, range was good for what I needed 15ft.
1	the touch pad wasn't as responsive and the  range wasn't as good  either.
1	I read through several reviews that mentioned the  range was not as advertised .
1	The  range is terrible .
1	The further I put my wifi router away from the little usb dongle the better range I get.
1	The wireless  range was less than 3 feet .
1	I'm using this for a HTPC and it has good range but is awkward to use in dim light.
1	Also for some odd reason if I used the laser pointer (which I honestly cared nothing about) it would break the bluetooth pairing and you would need to use another mouse to re-connect the device I may have recived a faulty unit but I've noticed others complaining of  short range  as well so I've decided to return the unit for a refund and explore other options.
1	Tested this out at my office, and it works great as a presentation tool, but with the shoddy reception (at any range or without line-of-sight), it simply doesn't cut it as a replacement keyboard.
1	The  range on this is pretty poor  when holding it in a comfortable position, around 4 feet.
1	But when held in a way that doesn't block the antenna, the range is acceptable.
1	I was a bit wary about this keyboard after reading all of the negative comments regarding its range here, but I never even got to a point where I could test the range for myself.
1	CONS: ----- 1)  Short range , also reported by others here.
1	Strangely, my offense is nearly good enough to be my defense while the keyboard is frozen.
1	I agree with the other negative reviews regarding the smaller size and changed arrangement of the Insert/Home keys, and the smaller squished-together arrow keys.
1	The newly sized and arranged directional arrows are impossible to correctly hit without first hitting every other key around them.
1	Cons: - The tiny plastic feet are useless - Some letters on keyboard are larger than others (annoying) - Keys feel way too soft and offer no feedback - Missing extra media controls While this keyboard may be "comfortable" and looks nice, it's just not practical for daily use if the feet break, the keys feel strange, and it slows down your typing experience.
1	The description says that with the USB receiver you should be able to have a range of up to 30 ft.
1	The wireless  range of the device seems limited , even though it says it has a range of 50 feet.
1	If you look closely at the arrow keys, "Insert", "Home", "Delete", and "End" keys you will see that the keys are smaller and arranged differently than a standard keyboard.
1	 can't get consistent wireless range  from the couch, especially if a piece of furniture is in the way.
1	Finally, there are nubs on the F and J keys to allow for finding the home row in the dark (although the blue backlighting (compare to orange with the iPazzPort) is easy to activate).
1	I must have gotten a bad one because the  range was only about 2 .
1	I realize and expected a low quality device given that peripherals of this price range are dominated by cheap Chinese products however I must warn any potential customer that this device is far below even most cheap Chinese knock-off devices you will find on the internet and that's really saying something.
1	Not because its a good device or because it has redeeming qualities but merely because there is no device in this price range that can replace this one's functions.
1	The  range on the product I received was atrocious .
1	I'm not sure if I got a defective model (seems to be a lot of those) but at the range from which it worked I could practically just use the keyboard on my laptop instead.
1	The computer is right behind the TV, so I've got to stand right next to TV to be able to received to be in range.
1	They gave me some strange looks because they had to order a special one for me.
1	Microsoft is such a strange company.
1	After only a few days of use, the spacebar stopped working, and the number keys were either broken or typing strange combinations.
1	The  range is less than 15ft .
1	Be very cautious of this device's  limited range , very shaky performance while in range, poor mouse button placement, and lack of long-term durability.
1	With that, the  range is not 10m  (approx.
1	My last complaint is another that might be out of the price range, but it would have been nice to have user-defined shortcuts and keyboard combinations and the ability to re-map the mouse-click buttons (see previous).
1	The  range was fairly limited , about 10 feet usually.
1	There's one amount of force to push it down, then a strange stop.
1	The strange key resistance is unacceptable.
1	The  range is strange , it hesitates a lot from 6 feet away.
1	The  range is not that great .
1	This strangely seems to be regardless of range; the device worked great with a good line-of-sight up to 30 feet away, through a window.
1	This keyboard works good, but the  usable range is only about eight to ten feet  before it loses connection.
1	It's not a range problem, happens the same way anywhere between 3' and 15'.
1	Ok so it works great from close range but in my situation, this thing falls flat on its face.
1	I sent my device back and got a Logitech Wireless Touch Keyboard K400 for a couple bucks extra which does EXACTLY what I wanted at a longer range.
1	a) keys get stuck b)  range is at most 2 feet , not *up to 100* feet as advertized on the box.
1	 Limited range  and stuck keys makes it useless for HTPC.
1	1 star was taken off for the poor signal quality of this item  even at close ranges , and 1 star is taken off for the lack of distance this allows you to have between the PC and the keyboard (in the product description it states this works within 30M which I assume they mean 30 meters.
1	This would be a great HTPC keyboard, except that the  range is terrible .
1	I used the Cideko Wireless Air Keyboard and Gyro Mouse Combo before trying this Logitech and have returned to the Cideko as the range is much greater.
1	i did no know so i bought one easy to use 30ft range comes with mouse and right and left click buttons cons: light weight feels cheep with the mouse pad in the way it slows down your typing speed you need to hold down the shift key to shift.
1	This wasn't a problem, but I would have been really annoyed if it had  failed at that range .
1	This set will probably become my desktop control for my laptop when I can actually afford a decent qwerty remote - at which point this lag - if it still happens within a much closer range, will probably annoy me a great deal more.
1	If this problem with the keyboard persists when I start using it with my laptop, at much closer range, I will definitely revise my review and my rating.
1	I had one of these and sold it because of the key arrangements that are mentioned in other reviews.
1	I sit about 13-14 feet from the receiver but the functional range is more like 10-12 feet otherwise it is erratic.
1	I agree with the other negative reviews regarding the smaller size and changed arrangement of the Insert/Home keys, and the smaller squished-together arrow keys.
1	The newly sized and arranged directional arrows are impossible to correctly hit without first hitting every other key around them.
1	The wireless  range is terrible  and it will not work if there is anything between you and the receiver, including your hand holding on the keyboard.
1	Good range (much more then my wireless mouse/keyboard), ease of use, and it is no bigger then any of my other remotes.
1	The range is perfect, and it does what I need it to do.
1	I agree with the other negative reviews regarding the smaller size and changed arrangement of the Insert/Home keys, and the smaller squished-together arrow keys.
1	The newly sized and arranged directional arrows are impossible to correctly hit without first hitting every other key around them.
1	In order to get the Rii mini to respond, I would have to lean forward in the couch because I was at the very edge of the operating range.
1	I mapped it out and the max range in which the remote responds reliably is about 8 feet.
1	I needed a 10 feet range and this product couldnt deliver it (which is very sad).
1	On a plus note, the device worked great when it was in range.
1	Why couldnt they get a decent  usable range  out of this?
1	Lastly, I cannot comment on long term durability as I returned the device after a few weeks of use (or should I say non-use) due to the  range issue .
1	The  range is not that great ; about 10~15ft and you definitely notice the loss in response (the Lenovo N5901 got 5x+ the range than this device).
1	The status lights don't work - The drag and drop won't work - the auto shutoff for the backlighting does not work - the range is 3 feet up to 9 if I place the dongle and hold the keyboard just right - the backlighting is uneven behind the keys - not all keys make good contact - and those are just preliminary observations - the inept lack of ergonomics makes it seem like it was built by a committee of hair-brained wannabe sub-nerds - I took the chance and lost.
1	Working  range ended up being about 4'-6' max .
1	It seems to work fairly decent, range is ok.
1	The arrangement of the Home/Page Up/Page Dn/End/Delete/Insert and arrow keys may allow the keyboard to fit in trays, but otherwise it is insane.
1	* Range seemed acceptable--was using it at about 7-9 foot range.
1	I really can't imagine what sort of catastrophic design failure would lead to all these strange events.
1	One department in our hospital loves these keyboards for some strange reason.
1	Then about two months later, I noticed the  range wasn't that good  anymore.
1	Cons: I've had  major issues with range .
1	I read some of the lower reviews and was hoping that mine would not have the range issues that some people were having.
1	After a year of using this product, the letter "B" no longer works, which is strange because I rarely use the letter B.
1	Some people said the wireless connection is bad and  short range  but some said it was good.
1	Although attractively designed and potentially ideal for home theater use, this unit has such a limted transmission range that it cannot be recommended.
1	With no walls between the keyboard and the pc/RF dongle the  range of reliable operation  is less than 12 feet.
1	Also, even though they say the range is 30 feet, it's stupid because 2.
1	4ghz devices will eat the hell out of battery at this range.
1	The wireless is OK, the wireless  range is not very good .
1	Pros: * Backlit keys * Mouse pad that works in both orientations * rechargable * very small and portable * useless laser pointer (maybe a con also as the kids might shoot each other in the face with it) * fairly cheap Cons: -  limited range , like 10 feet at best - mine wont connect using the extension cable, must plug directly into machine.
1	Just be aware of its  short range .
1	I find it strange since we invented typewriters, the QWERTY keyboard has survived this long while the typewriter manufacturers never created an "ergonomically styled typewriter"?
1	Seems to work okay,but it has a very  short range .
1	In addition, the  range is horrible --maybe 3 feet, which is to say it does not reach my couch.
1	this is a good little device BUT the track pad did not perform well and the  range was less than 20ft  if you were wanting it to go through a wall.
1	The only reason i say this is because I have the logitech dongle plugged in my computer and the device works in EVERY room in the house even the garage, you will not get this kind of range with the Rii Portable.
1	I suppose the designers could have sacrificed some battery life at the  expense of a decent wireless range .
1	The range is good enough for me; about 12 feet.
1	The  range is limited  to about 4 feet, yes, with new batteries.
1	The only aspect that is really, really annoying is the arrangement of the 4 arrow keys (LEFT, RIGHT, UP, DOWN)-- the separate arrow keys that are not embedded in the number pad.
1	The arrow keys are unusually small, and the arrangement is weired.
1	I'd pay for extra $ to improve this key arrangement or have the usual arrow key arrangement at the expense of the separate number pad.
1	I agree the shape of the keyboard, key arrangement and palm rest are very comfortable, but the basics went wrong here.
1	I've found the range to be acceptable but not outstanding.
1	Actual maximum range is about 6-8' (same as regular wireless keyboard) 2.
1	The  range is horrible .
1	However, I've used many computer keyboards in this price range, and they've seemed positively luxurious by comparison.
1	My work arrangements require me to divide my time between a Microsoft Natural Ergonomic 4000 Keyboard (at home) and various standard keyboards.
1	This remote's  range is terrible .
1	The  range on this item was so bad  that I could not use it.
1	I am just in range, another 6 inches and it get flakey fast.
1	The following day I used it for the first time and realized the  range was a bit short , but it's okay as my living room isn't too big and no real problem with the range offered by the device.
1	hard to type and range is good no more than five feet away.
1	The lights work well on this remote, but the  range is an issue .
1	Bottom-line Great Backlight features Great options, for price  Poor range difficult  connect with the USB dongle receiver Keyboard mislabeling issue.
1	It has pretty good range.
1	The  range on this thing is terrible .
1	the range is also good.
1	I decided to replace the keyboard, and just moved up to a higher price range (expecting higher quality) and a different brand (Logitech)via Amazon.
1	the  range on this is a complete joke  5ft max touch pad barely works i bought a Rii mini and its amazing works great dont buy this buy a Rii mini bluetooth!
1	Then it started spraying out random keypresses and control characters which caused many windows to open and strange characters entered in dialog boxes.
1	The  range is not all that great  and certainly not 30M as advertised.
1	The biggest issue I have is that the  range is just terrible , I have the dongle plugged into the computer and if anything is in the way or I have more than 4 feet away, if that, the keyboard becomes very unresponsive or stops working altogether.
1	I gave this a 3 star because of the  range being horrible  and it really should be better.
1	However, be aware that Microsoft decided to rearrange several clusters of keys on this keyboard.
1	I had to use a USB extension cable and put the receiver way up high on my entertainment unit in order to get a good response range.
1	I get ~2 foot range if I am lucky.
1	Size is perfect, operation & sensitivity are OK - providing you're in range (which IMO is quite a bit shorter than they advertise).
1	I connected the bluetooth dongle to a USB extension cable to raise it higher ( try to improve range ), which now just makes the cut for me to use this device with my Home Theater PC from my couch (some 13 feet away).
1	on paper the promising features are: - extremly low form factor - 30 meters range - backlit - rechargable All sounds great but here's my findings after 1 week of trying to make it work: - quite  ridicilous effective range  - won't work correctly from within 10ft - 50% of keys type are not being transmitted, you end up typing everything twice - stuck keys - electronically not physically Overall nice try, but no cigar.
1	I do appreciate that the numberpad and the function keys (Insert, Delete, Home, etc) are in the traditional arrangement.
1	The  range is absolutely terrible .
1	I really struggled giving this one star, but without a reasonable range, or any range at all, it renders the whole thing useless.
1	The range is excellent.
1	The  range isn't that great  and the mousepad isn't really sensitive enough for fine adjustments.
1	Besides making those keys smaller than older boards, I see no reason for them to have rearranged them, but I'm sure that in time my hands will get used to it.
1	Imagine my disappointment when I discovered that the  range was so limited  that the USB dongle had to be on the front of the PC and even then the range was only 3-5 feet.
1	If the manufacturer had built in a 30ft range and maintained a bit more quality control I've have bought a second, but as it is I'm taking advantage of Amazon's return policy and sending it back.
1	The  range, however, is absolutely ridiculous .
1	They keys are arranged in a straight rectangle fashion, not staggered like a regular qwerty keyboard, so it's often unintuitive to type on it.
1	The HTPC is using wireless networking, and it's clear that the more network traffic there is, the worse the reception is for the remote (not surprising since they are using the same frequency range).
1	I've read other reviews saying they get much better range, but certainly not out of mine!
1	Its wireless range is good, as I have no connection problem within 20 feet away from the PC.
1	Fyi, I ordered the Bluetooth version expecting usual BT range of 10m/33', but the  range on that one was dismal  as well (less than 6', regardless of whether or not a dog was in the way).
1	I think they are sending out the bad (literally the range was 2 feet from the receiver) units on purpose, as most people won't pay to ship them back for a replacement.
1	To make matters worse the reduced-size cursor keys are not in the usual inverted T, but in a cruciform arrangement, which makes this keyboard pretty useless for people who engage in FPS games like Quake 2/3, Unreal etc.
1	Second, I was really frustrated with the range of this device at first.
1	Finally I found that I get good range if I hold the device so that the back faces the HTPC.
1	com/gp/product/B005JR1LXE/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/176-6700503-9867209">RII Mini Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard - Compatible with Apple iPad PC and Mac , Built-in Touchpad Mouse, Backlit Display and Laser Pointer</a>)to see if it does better with range.
1	Still, the keyboard is reliable, cheap, and has great range.
1	I tried plugging it into a front USB and moved closer, to see if it was a  range problem .
1	The Natural also gets high marks in that the keys are quiet, they are arranged in the correct standard of 104 or so key layout, so if you are a developer, you know exactly where the keys are going to be (as far as special symbols, namely the "|" key, the arrow keys, and the "Insert", "Delete", etc) are in their correct locations.
1	So many of the interesting models of ergonomic keyboards re-arrange the "Insert", "Delete", "End", etc keys that it makes the keyboard awkward.
1	* RANGE:  I haven't checked it's  range limit , but it seems good, which would also seem to make it a good choice for use with game consoles like a Sony PS3.
1	Bottom line: A very good wireless keyboard and mouse combo for the price range, but heavy typers may want to look for something a bit more wear-resistant, and with a more classical layout.
1	This is my first ergonomic keyboard, and although it feels kinda strange, I know it will worth in the long run, but the space key is the worst I've ever seen.
1	Fully charged the wireless range is about 2'.
1	I do transcription work, I haven't been able to become fully adjusted to the arrangement of the keys.
1	It actually did work as advertised, and I found the range to be better than the average wireless device.
1	I figure the actual range on this unit is aprox less then 2 feet.
1	PROs + Size is excellent, smaller than a typical tv remote + Keyboard is very compact but the keys are large enough to be usable + Touchpad is a key advantage of the design and is big enough to be usable + Mouse keys and arrow bottons are well placed, below the touchpad + Range is fine (some reviewers criticized range but I had no problems, see note below on line of sight) + Battery life is good CONs - Keys are poor quality and often stick or require multiple touches to register (sometimes you press a key once and have it fill the screen with the same character, other times you have to press the same key 4 or 5 times to get anything) - Touchpad often is not responsive (when it works it's great but often it doesn't and you have to turn it off and on again) - Appears to require line of sight connection with USB receiver.
1	It does have a nice feeling keystroke, the range and accuracy of the wireless seems excellent, and the touchpad (the reason I bought this model vs.
1	Item worked decently, albeit with a  shorter than advertised range .
