0	It's a solid gaming keyboard especially for its price range .
0	A much lower stroke range and the keys don't catch on it's corners like the Saitek does .
0	The good thing is it has good wireless range so you can sit even further from your computer or TV . .
0	So if your USB port is within your visual range where you intend to work you might want to use a small piece of electrical tape to cover the LED 'hot spot' on the USB stick like I did .
0	Although the wireless range is up to 30 feet you will want to get a USB extension cord to separate the receiver from your tower and wireless card .
0	great keyboard i just wish the connector was small like new mouse connectors but besides that it has great range on it and all buttons worked with out installing any software . .
0	you can carry it around and use the 32 foot range if you wanted .
0	The keyboard is very silent and slim and has a great range . .
0	Great sleek wireless keyboard notice some lag or stuttering at timew but only at the longest range of the receiver .
0	The wireless reciever has excellent range and the keyboard is incredibly light making this a highly portable keyboard . .
0	I've heard some negative things about this keyboard sometimes sending the signal to other computers that are in range and potentially have the same keyboard attached to it .
0	Wireless so no tangled wires to mess with Range has never been a problem with this keyboard . .
0	Those concerns were not warranted with the HP Elite wireless keyboard specifically it was the range which seemed short and the lack of durability from a little bit of spilled coffee .
0	I haven't really tested the range of the wireless .
0	I wanted the low profile keyboard that was consistently dependable and had range enough to be my kb for a Media Center PC in my living room . .
0	It works exceptionally well and has a great range 30ft plus signal works through walls . .
0	I bought this keyboard after doing some research I chose this one because it seemed like the best deal without going into the pricier range .
0	I like the range . .
0	This is exactly what I wanted light wieght thin full size wireless keyboard that has great range . .
0	<p> Solid range with small receiver .
0	1 The keyboard has fantastic range and quiet typing performance . .
0	It's lightweight has excellent response within a wide range has a small enough form factor to be portable is quiet enough to take notes during meetings and can be typed on flat to prevent hand injury . .
0	For this price range its actually quite premium and modern looking .
0	Wireless range is sufficient for my needs . .
0	I also loaded it up on my DELL Inspiron B130 and after going through the loading of the drivers off the disk it works just fine and with pretty good range . .
0	I don't know about the range as I'm using it on my desktop next to the receiver .
0	I needed this for a HTPC so range and build quality were my most important concerns .
0	<p> Range is clearly not an issue I'm typing this from my couch about 10 ft away from PC . .
0	I can't comment on the range since I'm using it at < 5 ft from my computer but it's been responsive and reliable thus far .
0	It uses the older technology for sending the signals and my current mouse that I have seems to hurt the keyboards range when its plugged in between the receiver and my keyboard .
0	Also its really noticeable if you place a cell phone between the keyboard and the receiver it really damages the range on the keyboard .
0	I have had no issues with wireless range . .
0	I'm still experimenting but I don't think the problem is range . .
0	This keyboard has by far the most phenomenal range and reliability when it comes to transmission its so light it can practically fit in a laptop bag . .
0	But if you are hope and you need amazing wireless range then this is the one . .
0	Simply plug the wireless module into the USB port and you are done Has a good range on it my couch is about 15 feet from the computer and it works fine . .
0	Nice keyboard incredible range . .
0	It features a long range but then you would not type anything from the kitchen while the monitor is in your living room would you I have it connected on a PowerMac and not all of its functions work .
0	Both functions work great for that tested with both RaspBMC RC4 and XBian and there's enough range to use it across my living room without any trouble around 10 feet line of sight . .
0	RF range is very good and the touch pad is comfortable to use . .
0	the range is good and it seems to work well . .
0	The range is impressive . .
0	The range is great with the unifying reciever I do have it plugged into the front PC port so it does have direct range which may help but I have zero accuracy issues from 10 15ft away I haven't tested how far away I can go yet . .
0	This is a major improvement over the last keyboard some logitech optical set from 8 years ago which needed direct sight and a 6ft range to use .
0	Range at least 20 fett .
0	I think that if you use a port on your PC that hides the dongle you will have issues with range .
0	These keyboards are perfect they don't interfere with one another they have excellent range and their compact design with built in mouse pad deliver exemplary performance with a complete ease of use . .
0	I also like that it uses RF wireless since it requires zero setup unlike Bluetooth and has a fantastic range . .
0	The range is perfect for couch surfing the on off switch is inspired and it even has a little slot for storing the USB receiver . .
0	<p> Great wireless range plug and play good choice for a htpc keyboard . .
0	Ok so the positives of this keyboard Size small but not tiny with touchpad Range is good I get no issues at 20 feet with a cabinet and coffee table in the way . .
0	The range is good on this keyboard . .
0	This is a great little keyboard mouse touchpad combination especially in the under $40 price range .
0	It has good range and the keyboard although small has a good feel Caveat I learned to type on a manual typewriter and I don't use the K400 as much as the keyboard on my desktop . .
0	The range is good for my purpose . .
0	The range is twenty two feet as i have a size 12 shoe and counted the steps as i walked away from the computer that it is attached to .
0	For $40 they are just about perfect I've never had a problem with the range the feel or the performance . .
0	one of the biggest concerns I had before purchasing was the item's range .
0	Excellent Size Range Weight .
0	The new line of logitech wireless peripherals are wonderful This keyboard has excellent battery life more than ample range though compact a desirable trait in my case as it is used for a media pc attached to a large plasma television it is easy enough to adjust to the layout . .
0	So far the range is nice . .
0	It has a great range and so long as no walls were in between the pc and her it worked great . .
0	It's operating range works well from 10 15 feet away from the laptop . .
0	This thing has a great range and it's not too small to perform minimal typing tasks . .
0	These were great but the one with the trackpad was just SO big and they both seem to have very poor range .
0	I ordered 2 and couldn't be happier They are INCREDIBLY small have batteries pre installed and the range is wonderful on them . .
0	<p> Range seems good though we mostly use it in the drawer in the rack . .
0	It's also very easy to use and responsive from a great range as is the entire keyboard . .
0	Also the range is great as is the battery life . .
0	<p> Range is excellent Basically if you can see the words you are typing on the screen you will be able to type them . .
0	no issues for this keyboard I like it is light and easy to handle and has good range . .
0	It's got a good range and the trackpad navigation is pretty good . .
0	Good wireless range and battery life thus far .
0	Good solid build quality easy to type on love the 'left click' button on the top left of the keyboard perfect size and has a fairly good range . .
0	Long range 30 feet with snappy response and no lag . .
0	It has good range for across the room use where I have it installed about 20' 25' away . .
0	It is currently in use with the computer I have hooked up to my primary television and provides plenty of range to work from across the room if needed . .
0	However the trackpad works great and the keyboard is perfect on a cofee table with really good range . .
0	<p> Range is pretty good after I used a USB extension cable to move the receiver on top of the tv stand vs plugged into the PC in the lower shelf . .
0	The range on it is also fantastic .
0	The wireless range is good . .
0	Just got this in the mail today very easy to install and the range works fine for my application about 7 12 feet from pc . .
0	Has a good range on the wireless signal . .
0	Great product great range great price great quality great battery life . .
0	It has great wireless range is fairly compact yet fully functional . .
1	The biggest drawback is the wireless range the manufacturer claimed 30' but I only get about 10' .
0	If you're looking to sit on your couch and surf the web the range could be a problem .
0	I can sit from my couch and run updates when needed the range seems very adequate . .
0	I'm having zero range issues at 15 20 feet from the dongle I hate that word .
0	Have encountered no wireless range issues 20 ft . .
0	The range on this thing is good .
0	Previously with my HTPC I had always used Bluetooth mice and keyboards because the operating range for regular wireless devices was not good enough to operate them while sitting on my couch .
0	I've had no trouble at all with range on this one even over 10 12' away which is really nice . .
0	typing and navigating on the TV now is a breeze I walked into an adjacent room to test the range and even at around 25 feet or so .
0	<p> Range wasn't perfect . .
0	The range is decent as long as you dont have too many obstacles between the sensor and the keyboard . .
0	The range is excellent and the battery life is exceptional as well . .
0	I would not say the range is 30ft at least not in my house .
0	Very good range without any dropped keystrokes or noticable delays I am using the keyboard about 12 15 feet from the computer . .
0	I love it It has had good battery life feels almost the same as a standard keyboard and has great range . .
0	The others all had issues such as poor range wouldn't wake computer from sleep poorly responsive trackpad poor battery life hard to wake from internal power saving etc . .
0	this thing gets great range i tried muting and adjusting the volume in the next room of my home and it worked . .
0	i upgraded to the k400 from an rii mini wireless keyboard because the touchpad started to jitter and i got tired of its crappy range .
0	RANGE My old keyboard w a 33ft range only worked at about 5ft before it would have issues .
0	This sentence and the previous sentence were written from the kitchen table that is 20 feet from the USB dongle on the PC so range is quite good . .
0	In terms of range I typically use this at a distance of between 10 and 20 feet depending on where I'm sitting in my living room .
0	I see absolutely no problems with range and I've tested it through a few plaster load bearing walls and had no problems with it not receiving the signal . .
0	This is the first wireless keyboard trackpad that actually has the range I needed for my HTPC setup .
0	I have tried several others but resulting in limited range or intermittent operation .
0	The range on the product is at least 20 feet and the operation is rock solid .
0	I haven't had any experiences of missed keystrokes or range problems .
0	EXCELLENT wireless range I can be in the next room and it works perfectly .
0	The response speed is excellent and range is also excellent . .
0	However the range sensitivity reliability battery life .
0	everything about this keyboard is superior to anything else in the $30 $40 price range .
0	<p> Range has been fine no complaints . .
1	While this would ultimately be 5 stars the range isn't amazing . .
0	While I can't say much about the range yet I will say that I was having problems getting the signal working with the receiver inside the wooden arcade cabinet .
0	Range In an open office 50' .
1	If you plug it into the back of your PC you're putting a block of metal and active electronics between the receiver and the keyboard and that will limit your range .
0	All of our seating is within 15 foot so I don't know if range is good beyond this point but for the distance I am using it it works flawlessly . .
0	Works great I had bought a previous wireless keyboard cheapie at Frys for my Acer AX3400 desktop with Windows 7 and the range stunk not even 10 ft I'd been researching and searching for a good wireless range keyboard for 2 months .
0	This Logitech keyboard has range up to as far as I can go in my living room dining room 30 feet with NO problems .
0	<p> great wireless range 30 ft at least . .
0	did I mention great range . .
0	The range is great my setup requires the keyboard to operate at a minimum of 9 feet from the receiver . .
0	Other than those little annoyances it is cool having the touchpad and the range on this thing is nuts .
0	The range is much better and battery lasts much longer than another wireless system I was using . .
0	Keyboard works at considerable range no problems using it from the couch a few meters away . .
0	The range on this product blew me away .
0	<p> Range is good . .
0	<p> Range is great setting it up was easy . .
0	Most wireless keyboards the kind you buy in an office supply store will work on an Xbox but only for a range of about six feet .
