1	It would make too much sense to make the spacebar a split-button that can be pressed on either side of the curve, but for some reason Microsoft doesn't always deal in common sense.
1	The biggest issue is that there is a bit of  play in the spacebar , so you have to get accustomed to pushing through that first bit, then really whacking it to get the space you wanted.
1	My biggest frustration, just edging out the  spacebar issue , is the fact that the keyboard simply makes a racket.
1	Pros: - perfect ergonomics - nice leather wrist padding Cons: - noisy spacebar -  spacebar presses harder  then letter keys - F-keys devided into two groups, while classically it should be three - a bit large Could be perfect without  issue with spacebar .
1	(My thumbs naturally fall on the far ends of the spacebar, not the center.
1	I have added a weak spring to the right side under the spacebar and that has helped quite a bit, but come on Microsoft, can't you engineer a solution to this known issue?
1	I even have the  sticky spacebar  problem, and given how poorly constructed the keyboard is, I took the time to pry up the spacebar and determine if the metal crossbar wasn't properly fitted.
1	This IS a problem because you'll be filling out a long form or doing extensive work in a browser and all of a sudden you'll go back a page and lose the data when you barely miss the spacebar and hit one of those keys instead.
1	I've also had users complain about sticking spacebars (yes, even on relatively new keyboards), and they just don't seem to hold up.
1	As others have mentioned here, this keyboard is great with one exception - the spacebar!
1	It is really ironic since the ergonomic form forces your hands to rest at angles, naturally drawing your thumbs away from the center of the spacebar.
1	Any pressure at the outer corners of the  spacebar causes the cheap plastic to warp  and bind the plunger mechanism.
1	I find it amazing that MS did not figure out that this  spacebar is a complete piece of junk  before it mass produced this device.
1	I tried to use this for a day and it was too painful--the  spacebar is impossible to press .
1	The  spacebar is awful .
1	Next is the "Y" key, which seems to be just  as bad as the spacebar , with exactly the same issue.
1	It addition to being extremely noisy when pressed, the  spacebar requires more pressure  than an average keyboard to use.
1	Its size is a bit larger than I'm accustomed to, the keys do not accept double letters and make me hit the same key three to four times to get two f's or two l'l or two anything, and the  spacebar has to be hammered  to work, but all in all, things were working out.
1	so stiff, this is me typing with it: dont buy thisproduct beccause ther  spacebar is complete crap  this productis conpleteltterri8bleahd the spacebar iiscausing an excruciatingpaininnmy thumb.
1	The  spacebar is really noisy .
1	The spacebar as many have mentioned had to be pounded to get it to operate.
1	but if so then you have other problems to focus) and i laughed at the reviewers saying about the  loud spacebar .
1	After only a few days of use, the  spacebar stopped working , and the number keys were either broken or typing strange combinations.
1	As other reviewers have said, the  spacebar is defective .
1	The spacebar works and the keys are softer but by no means too soft.
1	4) I've found that when the computer goes to sleep, I can't wake it up by clicking a button on the wireless mouse or by hitting the spacebar on the wireless keyboard.
1	The  spacebar has more resistance  than the other keys and that is not pleasant.
1	BUT the  spacebar is terrible --much too hard to press, especially from the left and right ends of it, where a touch typist normally would hit it.
1	If you search the internet for the words _Microsoft spacebar fix_, you'll see that this is a common problem (but doesn't always occur--apparently some have this defect, and others don't), and that various people have tried various fixes, but none are really satisfactory.
1	Maybe a two-finger "hunt and peck" typist wouldn't notice this, but for this touch typist the problematic/defective  spacebar is a dealbreaker .
1	I would recommend avoiding this keyboard for one specific reason: the  "sticky" spacebar .
1	The most recent one has a very  stiff spacebar  - something that my other ones have not had.
1	The other reviewers are right - if the spacebar comes stiff , it really sucks!
1	As others have mentioned, this keyboard is excellent in all ways but one - the spacebar.
1	However, the  spacebar is massive  (and not split in two as it should have been), with the actuator right in the middle.
1	Unfortunately, when your hands are in the natural position your thumbs are at the far left and right of the spacebar.
1	The sticking  spacebar makes this keyboard useless .
1	The spacebar renders this keyboard unusable .
1	I'm not sure how the spacebar made it past quality testing.
1	The obvious fix is to improve the design with a split (two piece) spacebar.
1	I'm largely happy with this keyboard but will note several caveats: * The media keys do not provide next/previous track keys * The elevating skirt to raise the front edge of the keyboard is awkward to add/remove and is cheaply constructed * The keys are quite responsive but are a bit louder than I think they need to be, particularly the spacebar Ergonomically this is the most comfortable keyboard I've ever used.
1	The  spacebar in particular becomes very loud  as a result of this.
1	I haven't had  problems with the spacebar  like many others have, though.
1	The  spacebar is half-responsive , and the tiny little function, arrow and page keys are a nightmare.
1	How is this spacebar possible?
1	I couldn't hear you over this  noisy spacebar .
1	 spacebar is hard  to press when you actually type.
1	The spacebar has two buttons beneath it, but you have to click at just the right point to register a click.
1	As has been stated, the  spacebar is harder to push  than other keys and significantly louder.
1	This keyboard has a lot of great features (scroll control, etc) but the  spacebar makes this keyboard unusable .
1	The regular keys are not bad, but after 6 weeks with the spacebar, I'm getting rid of it.
1	They keys are incredibly hard to press, and the  spacebar is noisy  and stiff.
1	I type all day and there's  no way I can use the spacebar  without forcibly pressing it down at times so it will make a space, not all the time,but enough times that force me to separate words running together and very very annoying.
1	It's that damn  spacebar that's a huge hinderance .
1	Also, the "enter" key is bit small but even that's okay if only that spacebar acted normally.
1	This keyboard is enormous, but there is only one giant, loud,  sticky spacebar .
1	The  spacebar is so bad , the product is completely unusable for me.
1	My speed/error rate is horrendous on this keyboard because I can't get the spacebar to properly work and when it does it's so loud.
1	I don't understand the good reviews it got here on Amazon, because reviewers on other sites also claimed to have  issues with the spacebar .
1	It has the  loudest spacebar  you have ever heard in your life.
1	the  spacebar key is so loud  it would surely drive everyone in my office nuts, not to mention myself.
1	I cannot possibly imagine how the other reviewers use this keyboard - try it and find out just how  loud a spacebar  can be.
1	It is really too bad, Microsoft designed the perfect keyboard, then made it useless the  spacebar is so obnoxiously loud .
1	I went ahead and got this in spite of the reviews, hoping I would get a keyboard with a decent spacebar.
1	Loud keys are a serious issue, but I sent this back and exchanged it because of  issues with the spacebar .
1	I liked having the shortcut keys that reduced the amount of mousing I had to do, but the  spacebar was hard to press  and the keys felt a little gummy.
1	The  spacebar that was loose , I popped it back in but it feels like it will wear out fast.
1	However, the  spacebar is difficult to press  30% of the time.
1	This occurs when you tend to press the spacebar near the top of the spacebar (closer to the next row of letters) vs on the lower half.
1	You just wouldn't expect hot spots on keys and the spacebar has hot spots and cold spots.
1	However, the keys were sticky and noisy, and the  spacebar stuck  about every fifth time it was struck.
1	The  stuck spacebar  alone made the keyboard a failure.
1	After returning and replacing the keyboard for the second time, (because of the spacebar) I realized the  spacebar has a design flaw .
1	Overall, whatever good thing I had to say about the keyboard, the godforsaken spacebar tosses it out the window.
1	The  major issue with the keyboard is the spacebar , which due to poor design, doesn't always register keypresses when pressed at the edge.
1	The keys are stiff, and the  spacebar is agonizingly stiff .
1	Since the keys(especially  spacebar) are pretty tight  even compared to regular non-ergo keyboards, it increased the intensity and frequency of the pain I experienced earlier.
1	And above all, the crappy  spacebar was clunky , loud and felt incredibly cheap -- which is ot what I wanted in a quiet keyboard.
1	The  spacebar is very stiff  and oddly designed.
1	I should also say that my fiance, who has large hands, felt the  spacebar was a problem  for him as well.
1	But the  spacebar was the real "sticking" point  that got me to decide to pack it back up today in order to return it.
1	The  spacebar is particularly loud  and clunky.
1	The  spacebar on the Ergo is loose and clicks loudly each time I depress it.
1	unfortunately, i'm going to return it to the store primarily because the keys are just too hard to push -- especially the spacebar.
1	While the keyboard was super quiet, ergonomic and convenient, after only 2 1/2 weeks, the  spacebar started sticking  when pressed.
1	) The third keyboard I bought had the same  TERRIBLE spacebar .
1	What I'm trying to say is that when you press the spacebar with your left thumb the space bar behaved normally and felt/sounded consistent with any other key.
1	love everything but the  spacebar is kind of hard to press  and takes decided effort.
1	The one I got more recently at home has one of the  problematic spacebars .
1	I pulled the spacebar key off a few times and tried to fix it, so far to no avail.
1	The  spacebar was very noisy  - and drove me crazy.
1	It would be great keyboard if the  spacebar problem fixed .
1	It's a great keyboard EXCEPT for the spacebar.
1	The  spacebar requires an unusual amount of force , compared to the rest of the keypads.
1	It's frustrating to  hit the spacebar  and get nothing; and then have to hit it again, harder.
1	The spacebar keypad measures five and one-half inches in length but is only most responsive at its center.
1	The  spacebar is practically unusable .
1	Due to a pitifully bad design the spacebar will bend incredibly far before suddenly snapping and finally registering the keypress.
1	Unfortunately, like other 1-star reviews, he couldn't  stand the hard spacebar .
1	Keyboard response is stiff/sluggish - especially the spacebar.
1	The main keys are fairly quiet, but the  spacebar "clacks" like a gun  going off in comparison.
1	I purchased this keyboard a little over 3 months ago and already the letters are coming off the keys and the  spacebar sticks .
1	The new one made an awful thumping/ click with the spacebar .
1	I went to the local office stores and tried their floor models of the Microsoft 4000, and they all had that thumping sound - only the spacebar.
1	My primary desktop keyboard's spacebar ended up choking with a deadline approaching the next day so I had to resort to using this mini keyboard as my primary.
1	As often mentioned, the  spacebar on this keyboard is stiff  and loud.
1	EDIT: 7/2012 The shift and  spacebar keys have developed too much resistance , and it's worsening my already sore tendons.
1	The  spacebar is difficult to press , and once you do press it it tends to autorepeat uncontrollably.
1	* The fourth and assuredly final one, bought as a replacement for the first, had the  spacebar key fall off  as soon as I took it out of the box.
1	The  spacebar is not easy to push  down w/ your thumbs.
1	The  spacebar is really too stiff !
1	Pay close attention here: the  spacebar is unbelievably stiff , just as another reviewer mentioned.
1	However, the split nature of this keyboard makes the space bar longer than those found on traditional keyboards (the MS spacebar is a full 1.
1	With a spacebar actuator on both the left and right sides of the keyboard, this problem would disappear and the space bar would actuate like all of the other keys (which respond nicely).
1	The  spacebar is stiff  in the center and jams when hit at the sides.
1	At this point, when the spacebar is hit at the upper left or right corner, it will jam.
1	I would need to make a constant conscious effort to keep my thumbs extended, and even then the  spacebar would be stiffer  than expected.
1	The  spacebar is huge  and clunky - it makes typing loud, slow and difficult and completely offsets any ergonomic benefits.
1	If Microsoft had split the spacebar or found a way to make it less clunky and horrible, I probably would have kept the keyboard.
1	-ve: Spacebar key: The only genuinely annoying feature of this keyboard was the spacebar.
1	I usually hit the spacebar key with my right hand.
1	I've found the  spacebar key VERY hard  to press with the right hand.
1	Ergo: The shape of the keyboard and placement of keys (other than spacebar), is pretty darn comfortable Keyboard noise/response: Doesn't make too much noise which is good(but neither does it feel rock solid.
1	This keyboard seems to drop keystrokes (particularly the spacebar) and there is no known workaround.
1	Aside from a slightly different keyboard layout which I'll have to get used to, I'm much happier with that keyboard -- no problems with the spacebar, very responsive keyboard, and no stiff keys aside from the function keys.
1	However, as some others have mentioned, the  spacebar requires a lot of force  if you have small hands and cannot press it down in the center.
1	The spacebar key is springloaded in the middle and if you hit the key on the ends it is a little hard to press down.
1	Edit: ----- I have this keyboard at office now, the spacebar is working much better on that (it could be better though).
1	The  spacebar takes noise  and clunkyness to a whole new level.
