1	I've had my 2360LMT for a few weeks now and am generally happy with the direction it provides and most of the features.
1	After about 5mins the unit will show the direction where I'm driving but the map will be blank.
1	The error that was most disturbing was the fact that it sent us the  wrong direction  on an Interstate for 20 miles; had us exit and crossover to enter the Interstate going back the way we'd come for 27 miles!
1	1) It takes long time to acquire satellite 2) Speaker quality is bad 3) Starting & end  direction are very bad .
1	The TomTom has better stat display, such as total remaining travel distance, estimated arrival time, travel distance until next direction, and current time.
1	Other than a larger screen, this device moves in the  wrong direction : - the touch-screen reacts unpredictably, much worse than older Nuvis.
1	It doesn't track the finger well at all, no matter how deliberate the gesture, often spinning the screen off in  unpredictable direction .
1	This GPS is great but for older folks who need reading glasses, it is  tough to read the direction .
1	The big issue is it always directs me to go another mile in  another direction  then the faster route to my own home?
1	I have a a garmin 265 and it always finds the best direction.
1	It shuts off in the middle of giving me direction and when I power it back on, the Garmin screen is displaying something totally irrelevant and starts giving me  wrong direction .
1	The Garmin Nuvi 1350LMT looks good, sounds good, and gives accurate direction.
1	Once we FINALLY arrived at our destination and looked it up on Google Maps, we would ignore the Garmin, take an easy, straight route on major roads (2 lanes each direction with a turning lane) through town to a much closer exit off H1.
1	We missed the directed turn, but were looking right at the store, and went around the block and pulled into the parking lot from the  other direction .
1	Once on freeways (I live in Los Angeles therefore there are a lot of freeways and overpasses) it can give  faulty direction .
1	Overall for somebody with  direction dyslexia , it's a life saver.
1	This GPS is simply poor: the voices are horrible, the comments/ direction are chopped , hard to understand.
1	However, when it comes to precise direction and IMPORTANT, telling whether your destination is on the right or left - Garmin has it over Tom Tom.
1	Couldn't find roads very open and sometimes gave me the  wrong direction .
1	Many names and  direction are hard to understand , could not pronounce 'county'.
1	Sometimes gave  wrong direction  to turn.
1	Purchased for lifetime traffic and maps, unit has nice features, exceptional screen, but unfortunaelly compared to my last two Tom-Tom's the  direction are inferior , crazy routes, wrong turns, incorrect street names, a significant difference, enough so that I am going back to a Tom-Tom.
1	Still, at the end of the day, with all of the sex-appeal stripped away, I bought a GPS unit for direction and navigation, and the Garmin 3790 does not do a good job with that fundamental task.
1	It  couldn't figure out which direction  we were going quickly enough (when you first start driving), so we'd miss multiple turns.
1	At least in Seattle region, a very simple route is never given, although Garmin makes this claim: "On compatible devices, provides enhanced pedestrian mode -- street direction that use any available forms of public transportation: bus, subway, metrorail, tramway, taxi and more.
1	I returned the unit, got a Droid and couldn't be happier, since Google provides for free not only turn to turn direction, and traffic but detailed mass transit informations, plus I have an app that gives me exact bus arrival and any delays.
1	it sounds like it would be, but for instance, it'll highlight that i can be in any of the three left lanes but then the next step of the direction will tell me to take an exit, making it difficult if i had been in the very far left lane.
1	We were going south and chose a highway that went south, but the north direction was only about 5 miles until it hit the highway we needed to go south.
1	You can go pretty far in 5 minutes, so hopefully you're going in the right direction.
1	5) Every now and then its  direction aren't good , aren't clear or are just wrong.
1	I love the user friendliness, the accuracy of direction , and some of the great features such as  turn by turn direction, junction view , etc.
1	Better stay on your toes for an instruction to get back onto the freeway you just exited, going in the  opposite direction , AWAY from your destination.
1	It seems to reset itself often, usually at a critical direction times, has trouble in locating satellites and gives turn  direction late .
1	It would occasionally do something weird like putting me on the highway to  change direction  instead of just taking me around the block but it was pretty good.
1	I am frequently EMBARRASSED when I have friends in the car because this device does such stupid things sometimes, but because I really have the worst sense of direction of any person on earth I blindly follow it's ridiculous commands because I don't know how else to get to my destination!
1	, driving map would disappear) but it would still be talking out the turn-by-turn direction.
1	Although it has a nice big screen and shows the roads and intersections in detail, I have missed turns or took the wrong road on three different occasions, because the stated  direction do not seem to keep up  with my car location.
1	this one looked pretty simple and easy to use - it also has the bonus of walking direction which i thought they'd really like since they take their dog on long walks, sometimes in unfamiliar towns.
1	from what i did see of the actual gps function (direction, maps, etc) this unit would be great if the screen worked properly.
1	bottom line: i would have recommended this gps to others if the screen worked - especially because it has walking direction which i thought was a really nice addition.
1	because the screen does not work, i will instead recommend the garmin nuvi 50 which is very similar to this one - the only difference i noticed (aside from the fact that the screen has a very good touch response) is that it does not have 'pedestrian mode' which gives the walking direction.
1	I would have lost the voice direction, help information, and other useful features on the GPS.
1	However convenient the Nuvi is, it is prone to  directional errors .
1	So far, this was the only  directional problem  I experienced.
1	If I stray only a bit off the defined path the direction tell me to turn off at the next intersection and return home or some other place.
1	The maps are of little use; the direction better, but I am not willing to put blind faith in this mechanism nor is my wife.
1	In 2 different subdivisions, it only showed the street names for the streets that were going to same direction as me; most intersecting streets you saw the lines for them on the map, but no street names.
1	I am going to reread the direction again - but overall very disappointed.
1	In a related problem, I found the  direction to not always be accurate .
1	Second, when you miss a turn or a direction, it recalculates some long, drawn-out new route when it would just be easier to turn around.
1	This is especially bad for a female user, because research indicate that women rely more on landmarks than men in figuring out the direction.
1	I did not want to get ticketed by Police, so I took a U-turn on Waterford Parkway South and followed the direction of the Roadmate 1475T entering I-95 via correct entrance.
1	Also the first time that I used it the  direction were totally wrong  it told me to take a left instead of a right and if I would have followed it I would have ended up in the bushes.
1	I have been disappointed in every aspect--it takes forever to calculate where it is, gets lost regularly, continues to  follow its own direction  instead of recalculating if I choose a different path, is not flexible in finding places, does not show bridges/tunnels, etc even when you are on them(!
1	The Good: This unit is full-featured, reasonably-priced (within my budget, anyway), and easy to use for point-to-point direction.
1	The following day, the unit finally established a satellite link; however, it remained unreliable, often giving  direction that were completely wrong  in terms of the existing geography.
1	Ex: providing direction that required me to drive north in order to head toward a location due south of my starting point.
1	But here's the deal:  When I forgot the spoken direction, I could not understand what I was to do next by simply looking at the screen.
1	Timing of the spoken  direction is not sensible  once your turn is very close by.
1	The traffic is usually off, scrolling through the map screens is HORRIBLE, the GPS will just shut off in mid route (happened when we really needed direction in a city and thus got lost) and the estimated time is off by 1 hr.
1	Unfortunately, that unit has terrible TTS, so I may use distance and direction announcements only and skip the street names, but I got this thing to keep from getting lost and I've taken more bad turns and odd routes with the Garmin 1300 than I ever did on my own.
1	We were able to choose direction in a multiple of languages.
1	If it has to recalculate a route quickly because you missed a turn and perhaps the next viable turn is not too far before you, the unit does  not calculate fast enough to alert you to the new direction .
1	However, it does seem to be too  slow/delayed in giving direction  especially out of parking lots onto major streets/roads/highways and it's not entirely 100% accurate all of the time.
1	I have had major issues with the 3790T, its pretty and worked well and all of a sudden would recalcualte, then the  maps would disappear but the voice direction  would continue.
1	My US direction were spot on & saved us some driving time.
1	So I put my finger on the screen, wait for a second, then slowly move it in the desired direction.
1	Overall I am disappointed in this product and have had several situations where I have been delayed because it took me off a highway for no reason where there was no onramp back or I had to print out direction because it refused to allow for an alternate route.
1	Whilst I search for a replacement for this decidedly less than adequate unit, I've resorted to following printed direction from Google Maps, or risking sanctions from other family members and grabbing an older unit from one of our other automobiles.
1	The unit functions, has a brighter display, but the audio is poor, the unit is slow, and it cannot calculate a cross-country trip, says to  follow direction and it will fill in later --"Trust me?
1	Including the street I live on which was changed from a 2 mile circle (which it is ) to a circle with a break in it so that the direction and mileages were longer and higher than the accurate ones.
1	Both at key times, once when I had to call my husband at 5:00 AM in order to get direction.
1	I have literally driven in  random direction  for up to 10 minutes before the Garmin finds itself.
1	The units like to tell you your going inone direction, when in fact, you are going the  opposite direction .
1	The only problem I have with this GPS is it is small and I  can't hear any of the direction .
1	We frequently got  bad direction .
1	We live in a major metropolitan area and and it's  terrible for direction  in the city.
1	In areas where there are a lot of streets, it gets confused and sends you in the  wrong direction .
1	Have done so dozens of times with this unit and it STILL routes me a  ridiculous direction .
1	The turn by turn direction were great as it gives you a written note of the next turn and how long along with the side of the road.
1	Giving  incorrect direction  is infrequent, but a big problem when it occurs.
1	The only think  worse that the direction  is the traffic reports.
1	I've been directionally challenged my whole life & this was FANTASTIC.
1	I will say this, the ads that people complain about: i don't see what the big deal is, they're tiny, they occasionally pop up & never interfere w/ the screen or direction.
1	On local streets other strange direction would have me drive a couple of blocks out of my way apparently because these are major streets as opposed to taking a less traveled side street.
1	I would rather use google map at home and get direction before i head to my destination location.
1	It loses connection with satellite, there's  delays in direction , wrong signals, no warning before battery dies, touchscreen is not sensitive enough to recognize input, and the list goes on and on.
1	I had the old Garmin V for ages and for the past couple of years was using the Verizon Wireless VZ Navigator service for turn-by-turn direction and searching for services -- it is quite good.
1	Fractured and sometimes hard to understand speech on the turn-by-turn direction.
1	It constantly confuses service roads and highways, direction of travel and current location.
1	The Garmin took me through a shopping area with lots of traffic lights and  confusing direction  including telling me to make an illegal left turn on a very narrow street.
1	I pulled out the TomTom and ran them side by side since I knew TomTom at least was familiar with the area and when Garmin told me to go straight and TomTom to turn, I followed the TomTom, but within a minute after that their direction were consistent with each other.
1	Later speaking with my wife she related how she had to tell a coworker direction one time as their Garmin also was giving them troublesome or  confusing direction  too.
1	Another point to note is that on the TomTom, if you think it has a  wrong direction  or marked a two way street as one way etc.
1	Turn information: Occasionally, I like to see what direction I will need to take ahead of time and with the Garmin it is an easy one screen push operation, with my TomTom I have to do about 3 or 4 button pushes to get to the right screen (though the TomTom does have more choices like seeing it in text, map images or through a moving driving demo going through the map as you would be whilst driving).
1	It is certainly better than TomTom in some respects as I have noted but initial impressions are important and I think it certainly needs some work in the map direction area which is its main function.
1	I had many issues with the nuvi 350: poor user interface, did not "know" where we lived (town name was in database but not in entry list offered), yielded totally wrong destination town w/test of  direction (lacks quick means to verify routing) , screen resolution too small for effective use, zoom function rather tedious to use, points of interest list included inaccessible (ie, non-public!
1	) gas pumps, came w/out-of-date OS software, user manual had bad  direction & errors  of fact & misleading info, even tech service could not get "clear private data" function to work (they had me try 3 different ways- none worked).
1	The direction were pretty good and consistent as long as I was driving on a major thoroughfare.
1	No matter where we are going, it gives us  wrong direction .
1	The GPS I received almost caused an accident as I tried to navigate the local area with  direction that were totally wrong  (I do know my own neighborhood; it didn't even know when I reached home and would have had me go way past.
1	After a few times of using i had to turn off the "wonderful" lady that tells you the  direction because she was WAY off  the actual map.
1	At times it seems to want to go the  opposite direction  of where we want to go.
1	we should have just used  the aaa triptik (after it is cross checked via driving direction from two other sites).
1	I knew I was to turn left and it picked up direction from there.
1	* Frequently we'll start our journey on the street in front of our house and the system will plot our route assuming we're facing the  opposite direction  from how we're actually oriented.
1	* The Garmin's use of space on the display is quite inefficient if you want to display stats like driving direction, time to destination, etc.
1	The reasons I began looking for a new GPS are wanted new features, such as spoken direction, street names and lane guide/assistance.
1	It shows speed limit and current speed and one other detail that you can choose from such as distance to destination, time to destination, direction of travel, elevation, and a couple more.
1	Consistently hearing the "emergency weather broadcast voice" announce direction is discerning but worst yet is a male robot with a speech problem.
1	Garmin is moving in the right direction, but they failed on this one.
1	I have been a big fan of GPS for years - I am 'directionally challenged' and the Garmin products have been a blessing for me.
1	Don't just assume it's right all the time and blindly follow it's direction even on major roads.
1	All this makes it almost impossible to use it as a map replacement for walking in a city even with extended city maps for "enhanced" walking direction (tried it in Amsterdam - not very helpful).
1	I found the product  slow to load up the direction , difficult to re-direct to more sensible routes, and not providing all the functionality desired.
1	Also, it is not easy to re-direct the driving direction.
1	Device is quick at producing direction and also at rerouting.
1	Screen size is decent, didn't have any trouble seeing the maps/direction.
1	A good unit will find the nearest Mcdonalds and based on your current location give you direction to it.
1	If it kept us on good street or in our area waht we call "Snow Routes" or "Emergency Routes" I would feel more comfortable following their direction.
1	I finally spoke to a friend who'd suggested the Garmin in the first place and was surprised when he said that his Garmin sometimes gives him  direction that are inefficient  - but he doesn't mind.
1	Since  efficient direction  are the most important part of a GPS to me, I returned the unit.
1	It also happened already once that after passing a tunnel it lost signal and then it wasn't able to find any satellite until it finally stopped working, we ended up pulling over to try to find the address with my cell's GPS, about 1 hr later it came back to life and continued providing driving direction like nothing happended, of course we were already at the restaurant having dinner.
1	It does not give the  correct direction  you are traveling.
1	(4) The speaker is tiny, requiring intense attention to spoken direction under normal road noise conditions.
1	Executive Summary: TomToms and Garmins are both very good products, but after trying both I found the Garmin lacking because:   - the Garmin was only minimally configurable   - because of the minimal configuration there is no way on a route with the nuvi to see all of: current speed; ETA; compass; map; distance left to destination; distance to next turn; direction of turn.
1	If you're not on a route, the bottom right shows direction.
1	When I'm traveling, the most critical pieces of information I want on the screen include: speed; distance to next turn; direction of turn; ETA.
1	If you want current speed while on a route, you must touch the ETA info to take you to Garmin's trip info screen -- a very nice screen with cool information including: distance traveled since last reset; max speed; current speed; overall avg speed; moving avg speed; total time; total time moving; total time stopped; and direction of travel.
1	Wife and I got pretty good laughs at the directional abilities of this unit.
1	Getting from Newark International to Princeton, it gave  confusing direction  right off the bat.
1	The Nuvi suggested other roads/direction that did not make any sense.
1	When I ignored the Nuvi's direction and kept driving on the HW80 west the Nuvi was unable to recalculate the current position(on HW80) to Michigan instead it suggested to turn around.
1	Another Nuvi has the  directional problems !
1	The Nuvi is definitely unreliable in long trips and it gave me  wrong direction  on many occasions.
1	Garmin should recall and fix the inaccuracies of their GPS,  or the  erroneous direction  will kill somebody and I will be willing to be on the witness stand.
1	This can be frustrating when your about to make a turn and  loose direction  because of change in power (minus 1.
1	I have used navigators before, this one took a while to get the coordinates and would sometimes get confused on a location and would keep on giving  wrong direction  even after we arrived at the desired location.
1	It also would sometimes drive me insane with direction that I absolutely knew were wrong, like making me get off a freeway and then get right back on a few feet later.
1	In general, it did its job, nearly 90% of the time giving us correct direction and getting us around old towns.
1	So, that part was a bit frustrated, but we had maps to compare where we were going, and the GPS unit picked up new direction later and followed us through.
1	(2) Four of the "letter keys" used for spelling were so sensitive AND INACCURATE AND UNRELIABLE that words had to be re-entered so often that it became easier to simply refer to a printed atlas for direction.
1	After updating the maps the direction do not seem to be correct I was driving to Ironstone Vineyards and may several wrong turns and one of the  direction is totally terrible  for a car.
1	the 1390t always gave precise direction without causing confusion.
1	The lane direction work good and I think very useful as road signs  never give direction  early enough.
1	The turn-by-turn direction are very good.
1	One of the locations it pointed was exactly in  opposite direction .
1	-Once I was following its direction (without looking at the screen) and as I arrived at my destination I realized it had directed me to "1"--that's it--that was the complete address it had sent me to which happened to be a parking lot on the side of the highway about one mile from my actual destination.
1	That being said the main purpose of getting the device was its directional capabilities.
1	It took me less than five minutes from opening the package to being able to start getting direction.
1	From the constant recalculating, slow exit updates, and constant  wrong direction  there was simply not a need for this product.
1	Moving from Point A to Point B, if I start off, and then  lose direction  in a while, it keeps on telling me the first turn from Point A.
1	NOt sure why but often really  goofs up the direction .
1	The direction given by the Garmin may have been shorter in total distance but may not have been the best, or most efficient route to take.
1	4) It told me to go a direction that I knew, from years of experince, was not optimal, so I went my own way, and it said "Recalculating".
1	But for now, there are times when I need direction and I don't know a good way to go.
1	If you just want direction, stick with the simple units until the higher priced ones come down.
1	Before I bought it, I read all the reviews, looked up all other GPS systems and decided, that being directionally challenged, I needed one to tell me not just where to turn but what street I'm turning into.
1	Tomtom is good and some even have voice and street turn direction, as well, but it might cost more.
1	It also gave me  weird direction .
1	I tried both shortest route and fastest route on different trips but got the same  lame direction .
1	The odd: *  Odd navigation instructions:  Instead of having me turn left in the median when I reach my destination, it tells me to pass my destination, go through two more intersections, make a U-turn, go through those intersections again in the  opposite direction , and then turn right into my destination.
1	I have an inherit fear of using this product because it was giving me the  wrong direction  within my local neighborhood.
1	We charge it by the computer, which seems to work but then it dies when we are relying on it for turn by turn direction in an unfamliar city.
1	The  direction it gives is laughable  sometimes.
1	The screen could be bigger and the direction to how to use the GPS is  very limited.
1	I like the slim footprint which does allow for easier portability but when it comes to the actual gps' functionality it's definitely lacking when compared to the 765T that I was using (seems I'll have to go back to) which gives way better direction.
1	The turn-by-turn direction are LOUD and clear Cons: - glitchy touchscreen.
1	Also,  direction were inconsistent .
1	I ignored the direction to follow the route I knew, and it took forever for the unit to "recalculate" and give me the correct direction.
1	Positives: - Great compact size - Attractive - Easy to view - Fairly easy controls - Voice direction - Portability Negatives: - Have to flip up antenna every time - Maps are outdated from the beginning - Many businesses not registered in database - Quite a few addresses not registered in database - No ability to go to cross street or vicinities, have to input exact address and it has to be registered in their database - No ability to avoid toll roads - Have to input state, spell out city, etc.
1	instead of just inputting zip code or phone number - Can only set one waypoint - Takes you on  weird direction  and not so infrequently - Takes long time to get a satellite fix when turning on far away from where you turned it off - Super expensive map updates.
1	This would be specially useful, for those time the unit keeps directing you through that street that is planned to be built within the next 10 years, or that street they keep working on, or the street happens to be the  wrong direction .
1	I wouldn't buy this or any other Garmin product again, and after the NY trip, we will always print out a hard copy of direction from GoogleMaps -- kind of makes the thing pointless, doesn't it?
1	Review of Garmin nuvi 1450 This is an incredibly frustrating product to use, and is often  unreliable for direction  (as in WRONG).
1	The map  direction are awful .
1	If you plan on using this on a street with more than one lane, you will  not be able to hear the spoken direction  even after it is set to the loudest speaker setting over any external noises.
1	Several times the  direction could have gotten me into an awful  situation.
1	Other direction have been marginal.
1	I've also had, on more occasions than i should have, where I had to exit out of the map area and re-enter the address because the gps sends me in the wrong direction, sometimes aimlessly it seems.
1	Its  direction are wildly unreliable : 1.
1	1 mile on the left - the device directed me in the  opposite direction  to another entrance 1.
1	It gives plainly  wrong direction : to enter a highway I needed to make 3 immediate right turns - the device told me only about two turns, positioned my car in the opposite direction and ordered to drive 2 miles in that direction south while its (and my) intention was to drive 2 miles north.
1	I am rather good in direction myself but my wife has a problem with orientation, and she dreamt about the GSP.
1	However, she has driven with this device and decided that for any new trip she, as before, needs to study a map and to ask for direction in advance rather than to rely on this imperfect instrument.
1	The trip got no better as it re-booted and miss-directed me through an estimated 3 extra hours of  traffic re-direction .
1	Now this may sound like a mere inconvenience, it is major when it doesn't know which direct to start out, neither do I, and Murphy's Law prevails, I pick the  wrong direction  at which time the little arrow either just sits there as befuddled as I am, or it spins in rotational deliriums trying to figure out what just happened.
1	Navigating in pedestrian mode was generally difficult: device accuracy was poor in densely built  urban streets so you couldn't always easily find what you were looking for, and there was no automatic rerouting if you made a wrong turn, so you had to struggle to figure out where you were and in which direction you had to move.
1	The direction provided by the Nuvi were the longest most round about diversion you could possibly come up with.
1	Verbal direction for street turns is a great feature.
1	It sometimes says to "turn right/left", when that actually is the  opposite direction  that you should go.
1	Downloaded maps shortly after I received it in hopes it would be accurate, again no very updated with direction.
1	A little hard to read in direct sunlight but that is to be expected -When I could get a signal, the unit worked admirably well for providing direction and such.
1	The first 6 weeks I owned this device to replace another GPS it kept giving me  crazy direction  that were not anything like the fastest route from one place to another - like taking you MILES out of your way for a short trip.
1	I got lost SO many times, because it gave me  wrong direction , taken me for multiple unnecessary loops, and didn't recognize parks (you cannot go thru the park, you always need to go around it).
1	I had it once take me to a completely  wrong direction  - just a random spot on a map!
1	Overall Tomtom is a more intelligent machine that gives you intelligent direction - whereas the Garmin treats you like an autistic child, where you are left to rely mostly on the display pictures, and have no choice in where you are going.
1	When you ignored those direction, it persists by asking to take couple of next exists or make U-turn.
1	So far It has given  bad direction .
1	When I am on my street it is telling me to execute a U turn away from my house, so I can approach it from the other direction.
1	When I came to a fork in the road each GPS gave me  different direction .
1	I got on the road, missed a turn, garmin recaluculated and directed me to the  opposite direction  than I thought.
1	Pro: a map doesn't play mp3 Con: in order to play mp3 now you need to take a GPS and a map To use the thing, you need to know the route first, at least the rough direction.
1	When the unit is functioning properly, it gave me correct turning direction while closed up in the center console of my truck.
1	When I go past a turn, or chose a different direction than recommended it assumes I know what I am doing and re-routs around the road I avoided.
1	It's frequently  inaccurate with it's direction .
1	And the spoken turn  direction are frequently not timely .
1	) I usually assume that I am doing something wrong and need a nudge in the right direction.
1	(not a big deal) - Wind noise from window down or music/radio playing - hard to near impossible to hear the voice prompts and turn direction.
1	- Most important and  disappointing to me were the direction  I got for a recent trip to Ocean City MD.
1	Now I was able to ignore the route and drive a more conventional route and the 350 would note the change and update it's route and direction (but at first it will try to backtrack you, if your going to ignore the route and leave the unit on - you need to know where you are).
1	You usually are past the recommended turn by the time the new direction come (at least that was true in Atlanta).
1	If your only requirement for a GPS system is that you enter in an address and then get direction, then this unit will work for you.
1	After a ridiculous 10 minute search time (I am not exaggerating) the GPS finally found our destination, but  botched up the direction  once we were in the city.
1	- Garmin keeps those areas a secret - If it does work for you, updating your maps can delete junction view Thus if junction view works in your area, you are lucky (and don't update your maps if you want to keep them) If junction view does not work in your area, you need to: - search the Garmin help files, find the write junction view file for your unit, - follow direction to save them on your desktop.
1	- You will NOT use the map installer program to install the map files, - Instead follow the direction to mount the GPS as a drive and manually insert files into correct location for your unit - Note that the above just puts the files on your GPSr, junction view may not display in your area.
1	If we'd been in strange city/state (like we usually use our GPS) we'd still be lost or worse (visions of National Lampoons Vaction as Chevy pulls off the highway and asks for direction.
1	Good thing we ALWAYS take a print backup copy of direction just in case.
1	It then started to try to give the direction from our house rather than the current location.
1	Since the route was pretty easy we were able to follow the direction.
1	I have to revert back to my old ways of calling for direction, or looking them up online.
1	On my way, I entered into another parking lot and exited back to a previous road; instead of recalculating based on my orientation and GPS location, it started giving me  wrong direction .
1	The unit took us over roads that we did not use getting there, one of which was actually dangerous - so narrow that you had to pull over to allow a car to pass in the  opposite direction , dangerous curves, no shoulders, steep drop-offs, and no warning signs.
1	If direction are a priority, go with Tom-Tom -Rebooting - on several trips, the GPS would just reboot for no obvious reason.
1	We were  reduced to asking direction  of numerous passersby at different points who could only attempt some broken English to help us.
1	I was walking back to the car (having guessed the wrong exit) when a passing Good Samaritian stopped his car to help us, had us follow him for miles thru a series of twists and turns, then pointed us in the right direction as he turned off onto his own route.
1	Had it not been for this stroke of mercy we would have been going extra nightmare hours in the wrong direction.
1	It takes at least 5 minutes to find satellites to guide you in the right direction from the time you turn it on.
1	PROS: - Voice recognition works surprisingly well - Fairly fast with finding a new route - Nice voice, easy to understand - Loud and clear with easy volume control - Love the lane-by-lane detailed views - Good timing with the navigation direction.
1	I've decided to take friends' advice and ALWAYS punch out google direction before I leave, and not to rely solely on the Garmin nuvi!
1	But I am not very happy with the distorted sound when it is giving me direction.
1	I wish the thing was more accurate and gave direction earlier, many times my exit is almost up and gone when the system is still counting down the distance to the ramp, best to hit the list function and browse your route before getting off highway.
1	The main reason I got this is I am directionally challenged and always getting lost.
1	Don't bother calling Garmin to complain about  incorrect direction .
1	"  I would give it a C- in terms of direction; an A in terms of start-up time, graphics (including lane assist), and sound.
1	From that point on, the direction were accurate.
1	I used it last night, without it turning it off, but the accuracy of the direction, on a scale of 1-10, was a 1 (one).
1	Second - The direction the GPS tells you to go do not tell you the closest off ramp at times.
1	the  direction are not first time user friendly .
1	It loses signal and shows  wrong direction .
1	When direction were spoken, the voice was extremely muffled and difficult to hear.
1	- Garmin keeps those areas a secret - If it does work for you, updating your maps can delete junction view Thus if junction view works in your area, you are lucky (and don't update your maps if you want to keep them) If junction view does not work in your area, you need to: - search the Garmin help files, find the write junction view file for your unit, - follow direction to save them on your desktop.
1	- You will NOT use the map installer program to install the map files, - Instead follow the direction to mount the GPS as a drive and manually insert files into correct location for your unit - Note that the above just puts the files on your GPSr, junction view may not display in your area.
1	Device works as advertised with good direction etc.
1	I ordered the 1450 because I read the reviews on the later models, which also seem to have many  problems with misdirection , and decided this unit would be best.
1	I have to wait for a while and try again to go through the menu c) And finally, the  direction are so so wrong !
1	It seemed like it would go out just when I was getting close to my destination and needed the detailed direction.
1	It doesn't disappear for a long time, maybe up to ten seconds at a time, but if you are in unfamilliar territory and approaching a freeway interchange or a turn is coming up you could end up going in the  wrong direction , defeating the purpose of owning a GPS.
1	The commands are clear and so far we have not encountered any misdirection.
1	It then started re-calculating the destination, and often tried to send me off in a completely  different direction , away from where I was heading.
1	Then the speaker died which makes the device much less useful since it is dangerous to try to read a small screen for direction while navigating through heavy traffic.
1	On the rare occasion it found signals it couldn't orient untill I walked in any  random (and usually wrong) direction .
1	Again, I use GPS for work, and you you want to get off a highway exit and make a u-turn, then get back on and go the same direction again, this is for you!
1	Example: I put in "UPS Store," it listed 10 locations, 20 miles+ behind me in the  opposite direction  and none in the direction I was traveling, even thought there were definitely UPS stores in front of me.
1	It alternates the road in the middle of the driving, and sent me off in the  wrong direction , and then it told me to make a U-turn to go back to the road I was driving on from the start.
1	It does not give you the best direction.
1	i looked at my route before i got started because i know which direction i want to go but dont know how to follow through.
1	The pros: the direction are clear and timely, lane assist is helpful, estimated arrival time accurate.
1	One other feature that I find extremely annoying is that it always points the direction in which you are going up.
1	I would prefer to see it as a normal map, with north always being up and south down, and the travel direction changing.
1	I bought this item because I am terrible at direction, especially at night.
1	One reviewer complained that this unit doesn't include a compass, but in reality, through the "Tools" selection, you can choose the detailed map option and get not only direction of travel, but elevation, vehicle speed and time data displayed.
1	If you start steering in your preferred direction, n&uuml;vi will re-calculate, but occasionally try to get you to an interstate.
1	Also, when you pull into a parking lot, n&uuml;vi seems to get "lost" and informs you that you're driving on an alley, or driving on the nearest street -- or just driving in a particular direction.
1	the unit opted to take me off the interstate and going in a different direction?
1	We used it for the first time in Portland Oregon and several times it had trouble acquiring the satellite and then due to such difficulties we either had  no direction  or it gave us incorrect guidance.
1	In Boston, I notice it takes me one direction (the quickest way, straight from the highway) to the airport and brings me back another, through pothole ravaged streets in neighborhoods I REALLY don't want to be in.
1	More subtly (this I can understand, but it was a notable concern), it could not differentiate between medieval streets and major boulevards: it would have  direction zigzagging  through the narrow streets that are charming when you're on foot, but really shouldn't be navigated by anything larger that a Fiat 500 or Smart car - and subsequently we'd find that we'd started a block from a main road that a human would have directed us to.
1	The interesting thing is she has no trouble telling me where I am on these country roads and I was able to "unlose" myself on the way to Romney by canceling the direction and just looking at the map and "swishing" the map around following different roads until I could see where I should go.
1	The volume control would reset on its own, muting calls but making the voiced-over  direction really loud .
1	I had 4 legs to my journey and on 3 of them, the Garmin gave me  wrong direction .
1	I could see my destination point on the Garmin (which showed it accurately), yet it gave me the the  wrong direction  to get there.
1	To get quick direction and reliable reception.
1	This one loses reception while passing under a small two lane overbridge and also takes forever to calculate the distances and get direction.
1	It would also be cool to hear the voice interrupt my radio so that I could listen to music and then hear the GPS direction as they are spoken.
1	It gives correct and accurate direction every single time.
1	Another time I was told to turn left into a parking lot and once that happened I was stuck in an endless loop of mis-direction by the Garmin.
1	did not take toll roads very  confusing direction  it was difficult to secure any where in the car that was piratical!
1	After reloading the info into it which took 30 minutes of download time; we tested it locally and it turned off/on even while fully charged and then gave  incorrect direction .
1	It worked some of the time, but also made some of the trip very frustrating by wanting us to turn into one-way streets (in the  opposite direction ) and occasionally into streets that where no longer available to cars (for example, converted to dedicated tramways).
1	My issues: the voice quality on this GPS was poor, the audio cuts off mid sentence when providing direction, the map refresh rate is poor, with frequent freezing between screens, the touchscreen was not very sensitive in a specific area on the touchscreen, and the display sometimes spins way off axis when I am on an exit ramp.
1	When using a GPS I rely on the spoken direction at least as much as I rely on what is going on the display.
1	I purchased the Garmin Nuvi 350 because I have a very bad sense of direction and could get lost going around the block.
1	I developed a new-found sense of confidence and was looking forward to exploring the area after my relocation without having to try and read maps or direction while driving.
1	I foolishly depended on this unit to get me to a job interview  during rush hour, in the rain, without a back-up set of direction or a map.
1	Since I did not have a map with me, I finally got frustrated and had to stop in a convenience store and ask for direction.
1	The interface and vocal direction given are great.
1	Unfortunately for my sister-in-law, we lost her, because her Garmin, which gave her the same direction that our Garmin gave us, made her go through Manhattan.
1	This certainly didn't make me feel confident in the device especially if you are driving in areas where you need direction.
1	The  direction is confusing  and not worth it.
1	For those of us that use this device for commutes, and in well known areas I think the makers need to realize that we aren't using this device for turn by turn direction as much as just a traffic advisory device.
1	Sometimes I'd get off for gas and the GPS would recalculate my route in the  opposite direction  of the interstate that I just left!
1	They don't have this unit on hand to work with, and they are using support direction for other units which don't have the same menu's as the 295W.
1	To just make sure I wasn't missing something, I programed the Nuvi to avoid all routes except Toll Roads and asked it for my direction.
1	The voice direction were clear and accurate and gave you plenty of time to anticipate your turns (the route still stunk).
1	There are some very nice aspects to this unit, I just couldn't get past the  poor direction .
1	TomTom lets me show time needed to destination, miles left, arrival time, direction of travel all on the same screen.
1	Last week, I was driving in a strange area and trying to follow the direction to get on the highway and nuvi-1300 suddenly stopped giving any instructions.
1	There were many instances where it directed me to make turns or not make turns when I knew the  direction was wrong .
1	It completely missed one place I was trying to go, and if I was depending on it for direction to a business meeting I would be in real trouble.
1	It's a good product if you have a set of backup direction.
1	For me though, if I need backup direction why have the nav device?
1	My old, outdate nuvi gives me better direction.
1	With so many landmarks spaced together it got confused and started giving  different direction  every few seconds.
1	All I cared about was having the basic turn-by-turn direction.
1	Unfortunately, when starting it up, I find the maps load a bit slow and and as I'm driving, the voice gives one direction while the display is showing the opposite, e.
1	I can listen to books with headphones but as far as listening to "Jill" give direction, no more.
1	Often it did not give me the anticipatory direction, like "turn right at blah-blah, and then turn right.
1	The only way we knew we where ok was the direction to go to the nreext point.
1	I've tried all of the direction I found online (because the books were useless) about moving far away from any buildings and going outside.
1	The first thing I noticed was that the voice  direction, while plenty loud , sounded very raspy like the computer had a sore throat.
1	For the first half of the trip the direction were spot on.
1	As we approached the half way point near New York City is where the  direction got very odd .
1	Twice the direction told us to get off of the highway and brought us through local neighborhoods for a few blocks and then led us right back onto the highway we just got off of!
1	To the units credit it never gave a  wrong direction  and always got me right back onto the highway.
1	It gives  bad direction  for freeway interchanges.
1	Everything about the unit works great, it is easy to use, I love how it talks to you, easy direction, etc.
1	This Garmin Nuvi 350 is great and useful for travelling in the city you really have no idea about the direction.
1	I was 30 feet from an interstate on ramp and it wanted me to go in the exact  opposite direction  for 2 miles and then turn around.
1	Other direction are equally as convoluted.
1	The unit appeared to function well on the major highways, but in some of the cities and towns,  direction were inappropriate .
1	For example, in Freeport, ME it told us to turn the  wrong direction  to leave town and we found ourselves going down an alley and turning into a parking lot.
1	This unit kept giving me  erroneous direction  and shutting down.
1	The good news is I had printed out mapquest direction.
1	The voice feature has loud and clear direction.
1	While I like the large screen and visual ease of this unit, I take exception with the direction I receive from the "Garmin Lady.
1	It is helpful to Mapquest your route before going someplace unknown as I simply don't trust this unit's direction.
1	The direction and distance of an attempted scrolling action has little relationship to the way the display moves.
1	The maps themselves look beautiful and the map view in general is wonderfully customizable and direction are very clear and readable.
1	It would be nice to have a "route" button or something that takes you directly to the direction since ease-of-use is helpful while driving.
1	Always giving  direction either too late  or too early.
1	Took me  wrong direction , never connected or held a charge.
1	The Way Points transferred okay, but I had to rebuild the routes from the way points from within the Garmin but the direction the Garmin calculated were different from what was shown on the computer.
1	On a trip to a nearby city, I wanted to find alternate routes to my destination, after it finally turned on, it wouldn't recalculate the route in time for me to make the necessary directional changes.
1	This thing has to give the  worst direction  ever.
1	- Only 1 volume level for both direction and phone whereas the Garmin 2460LMT has separate volume levels.
1	It's  direction around-town are sometimes laughable .
1	A few of the voices are quite clear, the timing of turn direction is good.
1	I've contacted Garmin and am awaiting their reply, but in the mean time I'm back to printing out Mapquest direction.
1	The voice is entertaining, especially when you go against the voice's direction.
1	The voice system continued to give direction but they were virtually useless without the screen to look at.
1	4 of a mile, "make a U-turn when possible" to return in the direction that I could have gone in if I had just turned left out of the parking lot.
1	Cons: boots slowly, sometimes provides  inaccurate direction  (like turn where no turns are permitted - and it is not a new road sign), traffic avoidance feature leads to absurd routes and time waste, estimated time of arrival does not account for traffic lights, frequently does not recognise best routes (like misses highway exit that allows for saving 5 minutes.
1	This takes several seconds and often tells me to turn around or turn in the  wrong direction .
1	Twice it gave me direction to drive down a one way street (The Wrong Way!
1	), and once it flat out  missed the direction  altogether, resulting in getting lost downtown in a large city.
1	They come into each other like an upside down V from the way I travel, a typical fork from the  opposite direction .
1	Sometimes it has me go the  opposite direction  I need to go and puts me on a highway only to get off and get back on a lesser road when I could easily have gone a direct lesser road route to reach the same destination.
1	When I lifted my finger off the screen, the map would zoom off in a  random direction , so that the field of interest wasn't on the screen any longer.
1	I have Garmin 200W and wanted to upgrade to 1300 due to finding sats quicker and that part works, but this GPS takes you in very very  strange direction .
1	The most annoying feature is that the mapping direction are only correct about 95% of the time.
1	I found that it was necessary to confirm direction with a conventional map in order to avoid those occasional mis-direction.
1	On the positive side, it is much easier to listen to the direction than reading a map while driving.
1	I found British Emily on my 660 to have the most respectful voice when giving direction.
1	The voice command works very well and is useful for hands free direction finding.
1	The "voice" includes street names in directional instructions.
1	The  direction the unit give you is wrong .
1	The  direction some time is not correct  or navigate longer and unsuitable way.
1	If I compare driving direction from computer and GPS this is not the same and looks less suitable.
1	The spoken direction are certainly less stressful than three years ago and there is now an automatic recalculation feature which, while annoyingly obtrusive, makes the device more useful.
1	When I would type in a destination, it would calculate my route then highlight the route I needed to walk like normal, but when I start walking, the dot that represents my current location would not move until I was a block or more into my route (not good when it finally "catches up" and you find out you went a block in the  wrong direction ).
1	In southern Georgia and Florida I had at least 85%  wrong direction .
1	Pros: Big screen, loud adjustable voice, easy to use, cool features like Point Of Interest and language options, readable color coding for direction Cons: Touch screen is slow to respond or doesn't respond at all at times I'm sad I had to return this product because I loved the pros, but the ONE con was enough to annoy me to the point of returning it.
1	I previously had a Garmin nuvi 350 that sometimes gave good direction and sometimes very incorrect routes, despite map 'upgrades'.
1	While it has been ok overall (we only use it for direction, not for music and all the other stuff it can do) We have always had the following issues: 1.
1	Can't even begin to tell you how many times it gave us  wrong direction .
1	On a recent trip, this happened, and thank god I had memorized the direction, otherwise it would have been a scramble to call and get direction the old fashioned way.
1	My gps directed me through a neighborhood I was completely unfamiliar with and when I needed the next  direction it shut off .
1	The pros are that maps/driving direction are more user-friendly, in the way that it'll forewarn you to merge into the appropriate lane, or show you the split in roads (as in the photo) - which will save you lots of time in avoiding turn-arounds or having to take a less-direct route.
1	and lots of gas) Strike 3 - Second trip driving around DC it got lost and took me right downtown next to the National Mall (I know there it a lot of construction but the maps are supposed to be updated quarterly) After several wrong turns, I found my own way back the direction I needed to go.
1	I have a need for something that gives clear-voiced, efficient direction, and provides a readable screen in sunlight.
1	I got the most  byzantine direction , and when I took the most direct route I already knew, the thing just froze for several minutes.
1	I just wanted something to read clear-voiced efficient direction to me while I'm driving.
1	Second direction is useless because there is no compass in the unit.
1	Also when you are moving the unit does not reflect your movement and you can not understand are you moving in correct direction or not.
1	Not only did it take me in all kinds of  crazy direction  and in the wrong place, it totally died on me only 6 weeks after I got it.
1	I changed settings on it and still it did  not take me in the right direction  on a number of occasions.
1	My 350 would typically have direction ready for most addresses within 10-15 seconds.
1	* In Baltimore the  direction actually told me to turn the wrong way  onto a one-way street on two separate occasions.
1	Took forever to locate Satellites, would give turn  direction too far in advance , and was just plain wrong on many occasions.
1	I think I bought it in August 2008 for my wife, who has the  worst sense of direction  of any human being I've ever met.
1	It was okay but the  direction where really weird .
1	Over the past week the unit on 2 separate gave the  wrong direction .
1	However the thing that's a deal-breaker for me (and that dropped my rating so low) is the quality of the audio for the spoken direction.
1	While driving, I don't want to have to take my eyes off the road to see where the next turn is, I listen for the spoken direction.
1	Sorry, but unless spoken direction aren't as important to you as they are to me, I would look at another Garmin model.
1	Sometimes the spoken direction are opposite of the actual map direction, leading to confusion and maybe accident.
1	Very  slow to update direction .
1	Such as "can't find the location",  wrong direction , wrong street names.
1	Mio has a cockpit view that shows your speed and the next turn direction, where as nuvi there is no cockpit view.
1	The Garmin did show after pushing a few prompts what the exact direction were.
1	Secondly, if the Garmin needs recharging (while you are driving) you  cannot see or hear the direction  nor do you get visual.
1	Garmin doesn't want you to enter navigation direction while you drive (it's dangerous!
1	The voices on the spoken direction are sometimes unintelligible, with ludicrous mispronunciations.
1	Traffic reports tell us about slowdowns on different highways from the ones we're on, tens of miles away, not in our direction of travel, and are available only for metropolitan areas.
1	I found the  direction a little complicated  compared to my unit in the car but when I figured it out it worked fine.
1	But I could still count on the voice except when it was telling me the  wrong direction  to turn.
1	It also tells you the right direction to turn.
1	In addition, I tested it out while traveling to a location that I familiarized myself with and it kept instructing me to make u-turns and travel in  opposite direction  of where I should have been going.
1	The routing algorithm is adequate, but not as accurate as my old GPS V for finding fastest route - especially if the first leg of the route is not in the straight line direction to the destination.
1	If we don't follow "her" route, she says "re-calculating" and almost sounds P*%^ed off that we didn't follow her direction.
1	OK so it didn't think I could make the ramp, fair enough, but when I did enter the freeway it still thought I was on the frontage road and calculated direction based on that fact.
1	The  direction were wrong  a few times, instead of shorter distance it would take me through shorter time etc.
1	If so, they are making a huge marketing mistake - should a service like Bing or Google decide to add a subscription talking directional application, both firms would find their product obsolete in short order.
1	It is also mixing up its left and right direction (which occurred in the late stages of my old Nuvi, and I chalked up to wear/tear, but no excuse for this relatively new unit).
1	Every once in a while, the unit would plot a course, and then NOT re-calculate when we missed a turn, or took off in a different direction.
1	Using GPS and the VZW network, you can get maps, get driving direction (complete with audible turn-by-turn direction and text-to-speech (I.
1	Garmin has been great so far, however, the product came with many useless  software which I don't need, and it does not give direction quickly; by the time the navigator has recalculated a new route, I've passed the exit or street it was talking about.
1	This is great for those people with poor sense of direction, because it gives you an idea of where you are, but would I travel to some unknown part of the US with this thing, NO.
1	Almost took me abt 10 miles off my course (I just happend to have an old printout of direction in the glovebox) It was not cloudy, however the home is by the beach, so there was some heavy misting.
1	I drive to the same location every Saturday morning when theres no traffic and the Garmin sends me in  different direction  each time.
1	Since then, the last two times I used it, the GPS  changed the direction  mid route.
1	Now this was a new road and so I was not surprised, However when i drove back, All three round abouts had registered on the GPS, and it now gave me appropriate direction based on that particualr roundabouts.
1	In the vast majority of cases, it has given very accurate direction on how to arrive at a destination I've never been to before.
1	Unless it's because I have an older model and the maps aren't updated, the direction to my house and the highway are not accurate.
1	I don't fully trust the nav and I still google the direction and that was the whole point of buying a nav!
1	GPS extrapolates last position and current speed and direction with the accelerometer.
1	Most frustrating characteristics: poor satellite reception, poor positioning accuracy, slow satellite lock, incorrect routing, unstable and slow browser, frequent system lockup, low speaker volume, poor camera quality, shorter than advertised battery life, no competent tech support, no software support, slow startup, route turn-by-turn  direction screen missing , and very poor screen contrast in daylight.
1	In operation it works quite well with quick response to changes in direction.
1	I drive for business, I cannot have a GPS that will continually try and get you to go onto surface streets, or, go through so many streets around the obvious direction.
1	Rather, it keeps you headed in the direction your going in (wrong direction) with a transparent lane.
1	- Garmin keeps those areas a secret - If it does work for you, updating your maps can delete junction view Thus if junction view works in your area, you are lucky (and don't update your maps if you want to keep them) If junction view does not work in your area, you need to: - search the Garmin help files, find the write junction view file for your unit, - follow direction to save them on your desktop.
1	- You will NOT use the map installer program to install the map files, - Instead follow the direction to mount the GPS as a drive and manually insert files into correct location for your unit - Note that the above just puts the files on your GPSr, junction view may not display in your area.
1	I actually plan on zapping the audible direction completely as they are a bit irritating, particularly when turns are closely grouped.
1	The spoken direction were very clear, and plenty loud.
1	The  direction it gives are bizarre .
1	It is by far easier to use a map, a printout or  no direction  at all.
1	I have had Nuvi 1300 less than 3 months and now it gives me a blank screen when it trys to render direction.
1	It's slimmer, the map displays are more versatile and sophisticated, vocal direction are louder, it has Bluetooth, it's more responsive to voice command, and you don't need a button to activate voice command.
1	This gps will shut off on you, and give  wrong direction , before the software fix.
1	The wide 5'' screen is a plus, and the direction are easy to follow.
1	The  direction were totally incorrect .
1	First day we were using it, it started to recalculate our route all of a sudden, even though we had not failed following its direction!
1	It spits out a drunken man's direction to  point B from A and tells you to visit A1.
1	If you are looking for  complicated direction  in a smaller state, i would advise you to get a better one (not sure which that one is and I am still finding out.
1	Those features are great, but the reason to buy an GPS system is for its routing/direction capabilities.
1	Not only does it provide inaccurate routing, often times onto 1 way roads going the wrong way, and extremely  circuitous direction , but it is also unable to locate streets/roads.
1	My maps were completely updated and I experimented with every permutation there was, and still the  direction were miserable .
1	Cons (most important to least): o Trouble with direction: within two weeks, it gave several routing  direction that were nothing short of bizarre .
1	The  poor direction  were neither shorter nor faster to the destinations.
1	It was being compared side-by-side with our Garmin 260W which gave correct direction at all times.
1	Our only concern is that we have found on occasion the Garmin will give us totally  erroneous direction .
1	I found a slim little pamphlet with the most abbreviated direction I've ever seen.
1	We discovered that the commands were frequently too sudden and eventually the Garmin lagged at least a mile with its driving direction.
1	I asked it to take me to  the closest Home Depot, and it happily gave me direction to an empty lot.
1	First it took me off the main street where I was traveling and looped me around in a residential area, then led me back exactly to where it'd turned me off, and had me continue the same direction I'd been going!
1	It kept giving me  wrong direction  and didnt even allow me to view the map because the touch screen keeps freezing.
1	I bought it especially because it has verbal direction for all the streets-driving and turning.
1	This goes for searching destinations, but also overall handling and even talking direction.
1	This GPS sends me in the  wrong direction  (constantly) and rarely recalculates.
1	I have to start over by going back to "recent locations" and selecting the address before the system sends me in the right direction.
1	70 DAYS after purchase and using it one time the speaker started cutting in and out so bad he couldn't understand the direction he was hearing.
1	I don't have a good sense of direction, and friends who own this device have touted its usefulness, as have myriad reviewers.
1	Though this is a sleek-looking little device, that seems insufficient to recommend it, especially for a task as essential as driving direction.
1	*sigh*  At least it work correctly on the motorcycle and give me direction in my Bluetooth headset.
1	City to city direction, however, were in my opinion a bit questionable.
1	The screen is very easy to read, spoken direction including street names were excellent.
1	You only need the unit to do ONE thing, and that is to provide reliable, easy-to-understand direction.
1	Not only that, the road maps are satistactory accurate, but GPS and voice  direction are totally wrong !
1	I was testing it for the past few days, with different settings, Fast, Shortest, but still, it gives  wrong direction .
1	I make you real confious if you listen it its direction.
1	It gives wrong street names about 10% of the time in my Central Texas city of 50,000 and gives direction after the fact when exiting a garage or an address.
1	If this is the direction that Garmin products are going then I think my next GPS will be a Tom Tom.
1	(4) When first starting out the display lines  don't show the proper direction  and are often out-of-sync with the verbal instructions.
1	I could be a mere four blocks away from the entrance to a highway that went directly to my destination and the GPS would instruct me to go in the  opposite direction .
1	The Magellan gave better direction while the Garmin seemed to have taken us the long way around.
1	it's totally useless, and extremely stupid and  illogical in it's direction  and recommendations to the user.
