0	This is a very handy item for older people to use when they don't know what direction they are going and it's easy to find most everything .
0	If I don't know where I am going I want to know how far the next turn is and in what direction .
0	The direction commands interrupt the music to give directions but return me right back to where I was listening not keep playing while the directions are spoken .
0	Alternate routing is poor so you need to have a good idea of your surroundings to force it to try a new direction .
0	The option to display Direction ETA miles to destination time to destination current time are all nice to have .
0	Also they changed the direction of one of the streets near my house but every GPS I've seen still has it going the other way yes I've had people go down the wrong way on that street before because the GPS told them to do it .
1	there are times that it points me in a direction i KNOW is wrong .
0	The direction feature is fantastic telling me about upcoming traffic problems . .
0	Right away we headed in a different direction than the gps unit suggested .
0	With GPS units that don't have MP3 one usually can't play music on the radio when the GPS is in operation at least not loudly because the radio would drown out the direction announcements from the GPS .
0	The driving directions announcements will override the music so when it announces directions the music stops temporarily and will resume once the direction announcements are over .
0	I have avoided purchasing a GPS in the past choosing to relying on a good old fashioned Boy Scout sense of direction .
0	Upcoming Turn Indicator Displays the direction of the next turn or lane guidance information when ropriate .
0	Data Field This customizable data field can be set to display Arrival Time Distance to Destination Remaining Drive Time Direction of Travel Elevation or Time of Day .
0	time to destination direction of travel or the elevation .
0	Mine went off with information about which direction to turn the first time about 1 to 9 miles ahead which was plenty of time to move across lanes if needed .
0	The direction accuracy so far has been spot on .
0	This is really annoying when leaving a shopping center with entrances exits in every direction .
1	I have had only one major trouble when driving from LA to Vegas using the FM transmitter and simultaneously the MP3 player and the bluetooth when I was receiving a lane assistant audio direction I received an incoming call and then the system blocked all but the GPS guidance who continued working well but in a mute mode I had no more audio until I got to the next pump and turned off the car .
0	My first trip is to the library and the 765T direction is the same as I normally take to get to this library .
0	Another trip was to a shopping mall and again the 765T direction is the same route I normally taken if I haven't had the gps .
0	It stops the music gives you the direction and then starts from the same spot .
0	I travel away alot to my son's games & since i have no sense of direction i wanted a GPS so i could stop printing out maps & trying to read follow them .
0	Usually within 3 5 seconds max and it has never had me make a U turn but has always recalculated a new direction based on where I was heading .
0	I was tired of borrowing my wife's Magellan I wanted it to use on my truck but primarily on my motorcycle The ability to set out in any direction and then just tap Home was very appealing The Zumo units made for use on motorcycles are too expensive and really only add weatherproof .
0	You can see the direction of the road and the turns much before they come .
0	That may be my prejudice as I have an above average sense of direction in the first place the women of the household are rather challenged in that respect and find it of far more utility .
0	I have no problem listen or hearing the Nuvi when it's give direction .
0	Which means it works most of the time but sometimes for inexplicable reasons sends you the opposite direction or fails to comprehend the road you are on and therefore gives incorrect directions .
0	Next to the menu button is the arrival time when navigating Distance to next turn in in the upper left with turn direction or lane assist when available .
0	First the volume is pretty low hard to hear direction prompts . .
0	The only feature I can think of that should be added would be to show the direction of one way streets .
0	thank goodness it wasn't my wife who can't read a map and has no sense of direction .
0	However I do like when you use the FM transmitter for the mp3 player because the volume goes quiet automatically when it is about to give you direction and when finished the volume goes back up .
0	The 855 finds the satellites in very short order and calculates recalculates direction equally well . .
0	if for instance i forget which direction i made my exit nuvi will not direct me until i have gone back on the road .
0	tom tom would tell me as soon as i left the gas pump which direction to go .
0	I think of all the times I have missed turns in an area where I was very unfamiliar or panic as my gas guage hugged E and I tried to guess the direction location to the closest gas station .
0	Also be careful when looking at the search results to focus on the items ahead in the direction you are going because the result will also show what is behind you as well as to the left and right of your route .
0	Some direction seem round about but Garmin seems to avoid a lot of left hand turns .
1	I would recommend reviewing the written direction before your trip . .
0	<p> Direction are pretty easy to do this . .
0	I can shout out direction at the 850 .
0	I love the larger screen the voice is clear and loud and the turn by turn direction are better than the Garmin I had . .
0	When following direction to one Denny's restaurant we found ourselves in the boonies with nothing on either side of the road for at least 1 4 mile in both direction as the unit said we have arrived at our destination .
0	Another time We were following direction to the only Olive Garden listed in the area when we came upon it while the unit indicated we still had one turn and 2 7 miles to go .
0	When you're driving in traffic it's nice to say nearest gas and get direction or where am I and get instant feedback .
0	The screen is clear with good voice announcements and easy to follow direction . .
0	My unit did say Drive not Doctor when announcing direction .
0	It is fast and precise on direction . .
0	Text to speech direction not clear most of the time . .
0	direction with street names are audible on the 4250's monaural speaker and volume levels can be adjusted at will .
0	So while GPS direction are good theres no substitute for local experience . .
0	The Magellan Maestro GPS is very easy and intuitive to use to get direction . .
0	The direction the 4250 provide seem very accurate .
0	The GPS was always right with direction . .
0	It provides accurate turn by turn direction with TTS text to speech . .
0	the direction were always right . .
0	The voice direction were helpful in that they gave you a good feel for your next action with sufficient time to get in the correct lane . .
0	At least Magellan gives me the right direction and never yells at me . .
0	I'm not sure why we did that but I have learned to follow direction and you won't get lost .
0	Bluetooth works great multipoint direction work great and the POI's also great . .
0	<p> Accurate and dependable direction . .
0	in car bickering over direction and took us through Atlanta without any .
0	It has been very accurate with direction and all the features work well so we are definitely pleased with it . .
0	I usually dont look at the screen much when im driving anyway its pretty reliable and accurate with vocal direction including the stay in the right lane stuff . .
0	The turn by turn spoken direction are clear and there is plenty of warning for your next turn . .
0	Businesses should note GPS direction in their ads .
0	5 Voice direction are very clear and plenty loud for me . .
0	I preferred the vocal direction a little bit better on the Maestro . .
0	Not sure if this happened with vocal direction turned off .
0	Works great very accurate direction long battery life and easy to read screen . .
0	The unit is very good at giving correct direction I have used it to bluetooth to my razor phone and found it will stay hooked up even when I leave the car to fill up with gas . .
0	It occasionally gets a little confused and issues puzzling or roundabout direction especially around freeway intersections but it always corrects itself and will go on to get you to your destination .
0	Her 3d presentations and voice direction work very well it is nice to see the Walmarts Starbucks laid out ahead in perspective in bright crisp details . .
0	Haven't used extensively but so far so good Image & voice are clear and direction have been correct . .
0	<p> Quite accurate direction . .
0	The direction and POI's served us very well .
0	Two points on that though follow the direction speak softly and I wish you could program it to respond to custom commands .
0	<p> direction are clear and the screen is large and easy to read at a glance . .
1	Written direction for bluetooth are not very helpful .
0	Think of it like 2 different people looking at the same paper map but each person giving you different direction to get to the same place .
0	The first few days I fought the direction it rerouted me to only to get stuck in horrible afternoon traffic .
0	Have taken it on out of state vacation and am happily driving around unfamiliar areas without getting lost or relying on getting direction .
0	The direction are mostly good and they allow for you to avoid roads if you so choose . .
0	The voice command option is cool as heck The direction are super accurate and recalculating takes an average amount of time no matter which GPS system you use . .
0	There are options such as turn by turn direction similar to Google and Yahoo maps and then there is the 3 D map which gives you a visual representation of the area .
0	However I didn't pay attention to the direction and missed the turn .
0	Pros Of the four GPS units I've used TomTom GO720 Garmin 196 Magellan and a laptop running Street Atlas USA the 4250 comes out on top for having the best POI database and has been more accurate road depictions direction routing etc than the TomTom . .
1	The spoken direction are hard to hear in noisy vehicles .
0	I planned my first route and the direction proved flawless . .
0	This 4250 is so much nicer than having to print out Mapquest direction from the computer before every trip .
0	It is so intuitive to operate that I did not even have to read the direction .
0	<p> direction are clear and the interface is pretty straight forward . .
0	It was easy to use and worked extremely well clear direction good volume sharp screen and good graphics . .
0	This GPS direction are on point .
0	When I said nearest coffee Maggie immediately gave me direction and yes to the nearest bux I am also impressed the Maestro 4250 works from the backseat of my friend's car .
0	Why not just use a street map or print out MapQuest direction .
0	There are a few times it has some quirks with direction but overall very capable . .
0	The direction have been good and when I make a chnage in direction because of knowing a different way it has adjusted . .
0	the only problem I have found it that is shows my address as being a half block away but then so does Googleearth as well as other internet direction . .
0	I've been using it now for a week mostly on roads I know to see how the Magellan reacts and which direction it gives me .
0	<p> direction have been consistently good . .
0	Routing gets a little wonky giving me some questionable direction at times I have confidence the unit will get me where I need to go but am not always certain that it selects the best way to get there for instance yesterday it essentially told me to take an offramp and then take the continuing onramp in lieu of having me just continue on the original road .
0	The direction have been right on it's easy to use and the battery life is great . .
0	I was questioning some of the direction it gave me but since I am from NJ where I am now I knew better ways .
0	There were a few instances that it gave me odd direction but it was on VERY rural roads that are probably not even on a map .
0	It not only provides great GPS direction not perfect with street names and addresses vocalized it also provides hands free Bluetooth cell phone capability . .
1	I am a mid age chick who has no sense of direction .
0	I rely on the voice feature for my direction which meant I had to keep the radio lower than I normally do .
0	Four stars only because I bought one didn't have occasion to use it a lot other than looking up physical addresses for places I knew just to see how it works so not much use and after about 3 weeks it stopped giving text to voice direction meaning saying the street names .
0	in other words that if you put it on screen lock it would keep giving you direction .
0	Not so Screen Lock also means the voice direction stop and after about 30 seconds the screen goes dark .
0	Product is great but direction to download would have helped . .
0	I was very excitied when I purchased the Garmin because I was always getting unreliable direction off the internet .
0	So I recommend this product for any one who constanly gets lost and direction off the web is not working for you .
0	I travelled from state to state and it gave me accurate direction . .
0	PROS So far it does a good job of giving direction acceptably accurate . .
0	Portable GPS with voice direction and an easy to read screen . .
0	Voice direction are clear . .
0	Device automatically readjust direction if wrong turn is taken .
0	Even the window mounting device was easy enough to figure out and that little suction cup is amazingly strong I literally had the device mounted and giving me direction in less than 15 minutes .
0	If you are looking for a simple device that gives you accurate and quick direction this is the one to get If I experience any issues in the future I will repost . .
0	In summary it is very accurate with direction and easy to use . .
0	It's so easy to use that you don't even need to read the direction .
0	Gives accurate direction with easy to understand prompts of what to do next . .
0	very intuitive never read the direction began using it right out of the box no problems even in downtown Boston with many one way streets Super I love it . .
0	Big screen good direction . .
0	She loves it no more fights with dad on his bad direction .
0	The other two were too slow to recalculate direction .
0	A super fast calculating of direction when there's a detour etc is imperative when you don't know where in the heck you are and this one does it . .
0	Only complaint was that a couple of the maps for roads Interstate interchages that have been complete for at least 2 years is accurate on the map but it gets weird and tries to tell you direction for the old way .
0	For example if I wanted a restaurant I could easily find it in the menu system and then select direction Take Me There .
0	I have noticed that this device will direct me in some pretty bizarre direction so don't always listen to it's advice if you know a faster way Besides for that this is a great buy and very useful for on the go travel . .
0	The voice direction were extremely useful at night when I had to concentrate on the road ahead . .
0	Garmin has made a sharp clear screen with easy to read direction speed and time to target . .
0	Have Traveled trough out the Midwest & Southeast with supurb direction etc . .
0	Love the text to speech function and the unit has been very helpful so far especially to my wife who always gets lost if she is on her own even with good direction . .
0	This 260w is all the average traveler would ever need easy to use great direction and the right size . .
0	Got the Garmin programmed the destination and got entirely different direction that ADDED about four miles to the trip .
0	I rarely read direction since most are written in an outer space alien language so to muddle through it on my own I am doing pretty well .
0	I use the direction for troubleshooting .
0	Guided me to my various destinations with easy to follow direction both verbal and visual . .
0	<p> direction were clear concise accurate and repeated several times before I need to make a turn . .
0	I purchased this Garmin GPS because of it's features large screen spoken direction .
0	I haven't used any other GPS before and I only used it so I wouldn't have to search online waste paper and ink to print direction and still get lost .
0	Gave this to my husband for a Father's Day gift he uses it for work and was very impressed with the picture direction and ease of use that it provided . .
0	I found it very accurate in giving direction . .
1	The only minor drawback is that you need to make sure you can obtain a satellite for direction .
0	98% of the time though direction are clear concise and voice prompts with street name pronunciations are easy to understand . .
0	I have only used this once but found that it was very easy to use without much time spent reading the direction .
0	If you do not follow their original direction the device quickly recalculates and sets you back on course to your destination .
0	I like the vocalization of street road names rather than just distances and direction .
0	It was easy to download all the data needed direction were clear item easy to operate . .
0	<p> direction are clear and I've always reached my destination without any difficulty . .
0	Simply put it is easy to use has a nice size screen that is very clear and easy to see and has excellent voice direction . .
0	All in all if anyone gets as confused as I do with N S E W direction this is the perfect GPS to own for the price . .
0	It gives precise direction and even recalulates if necessary . .
0	I do highly recommend getting a Nuvi 260 or above as the turn by turn direction actually speak street names instead of just telling you to turn right or left .
0	Easy to operate and announcing roads stree names while getting direction make it beteer than other voice guided direction GPS without Texxt to Speach Capabiity .
0	Garmin Nuvi 260 w is really amazing i have had it for a month now used it for both shorter & longer routes and it showed perfect direction the spoken street name is really help full the maps so far have been accurate and takes you to correct side of the street The only draw back i see that it takes lot of time to acquire satellite signal other than that it is really a useful g p s device . .
0	We went all over Austin and never got lost even going to a location that our guest told us explicity that Mapquest direction had wrong .
0	The Garmin also seemed a bit slow in giving turn direction far enough in advance for the interstate and we had to take the next exit more than once . .
0	No bells & whistles just give direction .
0	You had to pay attention when she hehehe was giving direction sometimes she sounded like a computer . .
0	Voice direction are excellent . .
0	However I could not receive understandable direction near Greensboro NC airport it kept trying to send me in circles nor in my own long established residential neighborhood . .
0	It sent me 12 miles out of my way to get home trying it my way a second time it continued to shout recalculating until I was almost in my driveway Chicago airport and suburbs and Charlotte NC great direction . .
1	There were no direction for using this .
0	Maybe the lousy direction were because of a choice I made .
0	There is no need to look at the screen while driving because the voice direction are so good and give so much warning for turns etc . .
0	The voice direction are understandable and at just the right time to allow you to smoothly change lanes . .
0	The screen is clear easy to read and the turn by turn direction are much easier to follow ahead of time . .
0	Great product So far NO problems and perfect direction and points of interest . .
0	Without it I am a fish in a ocean asking for direction .
0	It will get you vhere you want to go and will reacquire direction when you alter from the prescribed routes .
0	The voice direction are great so you do not have to be focusing on the display when you should be looking at the road . .
0	Sometimes you just can't get to a computer to get direction and I really like having my Garmin at all times at my fingertips . .
0	Easy to use clear voice accurate direction etc etc etc . .
1	The only complain is the written direction are on a separate screen from the map .
0	Reacts quickly to a change in direction .
0	The voice on this Garmin 260W is good and the direction are clear and timely . .
0	this product is great in getting direction I'm in real estate and this comes in quite handy . .
0	The unit made slight errors in voice direction each of which were immediately corrected before I could go astray .
0	direction are simple and it worked quite well .
0	My good result was achieved by carefully reading and following all on screen direction .
0	I didn't have to spend hours going over the direction and then helping her to understand how to use it . .
0	I looked for a new GPS that was pretty basic but had turn by turn voice direction .
0	You really needed accurate mapping and direction with a understandable speaking voice giving direction . .
0	What we didn't do enough of however is read all the direction .
0	It has pedestrian bicycle and vehicle modes and offers a variety of languages for both on screen display and turn by turn direction .
0	The times I have used it the direction were right on the money . .
0	GPS direction usually right on but a map for backup and confirmation is good . .
0	Also when you type in an address it sometimes does not recognize the street names especially in East Texas which results in inaccurate direction .
0	<p> direction are easy to follow . .
0	The color is good and the voice direction were fine . .
0	<p> Very accurate with direction . .
0	NO NEED TO READ USER DIRECTIONS .
0	I wanted a basic GPS to give me accurate and dependable direction without having to pay for all the extra bells and whistles . .
0	I'm impressed with the direction and the accuracy of the turns which are right on . .
0	Both have commented about the device's ability to recalculate should they throw it a curve by not following it's initial direction .
0	I drive and glance at the screen and hear the direction without loosing my concentration .
0	Text to speech is an absolute necessity and even though the direction can still be a little confusing despite this feature ie 'turn left' vs 'slight left' vs 'keep left' etc I can't imagine navigating without it .
0	I've also been using the Nuvi in my new city while trying to find an apartment I can't imagine how many pages of google map direction I would have had to print to accomplish what the Nuvi did for me .
0	Voice direction that speak the street names is very helpful on this model points of interest are accurate .
0	Sometimes it does give some roundabout direction that are inconvenient but you still get there none the less .
1	One complaint is that it gives too many audible direction . .
0	Anyway we like this 260W GPS it's small enough to be easily portable and large enough to see the direction . .
0	We particularly like the cross streets and very clear direction . .
0	I really liked how it would read out the street names in its direction even though it would pronounce it wrong 75% of the time .
0	The voice is understandable and direction are given early enough for adequate time to lane change etc . .
0	Occasionally does not like it if we ignore its direction and insists on our making a U turn and going back to where it thinks we should go .
0	The wide screen turn by turn voice direction and the latest maps A real bargain .
0	we could travel cross country with great direction . .
0	Pictures Video BLUETOOTH What does any of this have to do with direction and maps Ultimately I relied on Consumer Reports and went with their recommendation of the Garmin Nuvi 260W as a top pick for features and size .
0	It was easy to use right out of the box good thing because they really don't provide direction .
0	Trying to find homes in my work is time consuming with having to use map quest or a map book and then it's hard to find some of the direction because they send you the long way .
0	After one trip I almost didn't finish as the direction were terrible I returned the unit and bought the garmin 260w .
0	When you select an address city or point of interest to navigate to the nuvi calculates a route and gives you direction .
0	You still need your direction just in case but with the Nuvi I haven't had to look at them yet .
0	The spoken direction are helpful . .
0	<p> pleasant voice direction . .
0	Excellent unit that give very good direction . .
0	The direction and time arrival have been very accurate .
0	The Garmin Nuvi 260W also announces its turn direction with the street name .
0	The 4 3 inch screen makes it very easy to see and type and the voice street by street direction are a must I would definitly recommend this exact unit to any perspective buyer .
0	The direction are accurate and I can change my route any time and it recalculates immediatly for me . .
0	We look at about 5 houses a weekend so its quite nice that we don't have to print out direction for each one .
0	The 4 3 screen size is just right for us and the voice direction are clear and appropriately timed to make the correct turns . .
0	It gave great direction and the screen was easy to read . .
0	The spoken direction are clear and precise . .
0	The car speed on the screen was more accurate than my car's speedometer and the spoken direction took me right to the front door I was visiting . .
0	I always had to set the direction mode first to see what streets I need to turn on before I hit them .
0	<p> direction are enunciated with clear terms as to which way to drive which is the most important detail . .
0	It does take a minute or two for the unit to pull up your location but once it gets going the direction are superb . .
0	Great product simple to use great turn by turn direction voice prompts I also purchased the dash mount cradle for both of us it is the best ever much better than the windshield mount that comes with the Nuvi . .
0	I've always prided myself on getting around without any help other than maps and since the intro of the internet online direction .
0	I must say that I brought along my maps and printed direction b c I didn't trust the device at the onset of our trip .
0	It has never made an error gives very clear direction and the maps are easy to follow . .
1	The problem I encountered was that it kept giving me the wrong direction to get to my job .
0	You even get to pick what icon you want as your car Plus you can download other vehicles and even voices that give the direction .
0	He goes in the field a lot for work and is always needing direction from MapQuest . .
0	The average family looking for direction to the doctors school store or special event will be more than happy with this GPS .
0	If you have never purchased or used a GPS before you need to know that being able to see and understand the direction at glance is the most important thing .
0	No more getting out my glasses to look at my google direction I just sit back and relax .
0	since i'm not the electronic wiz i was able to open the package and go with it no need to read direction to get started .
0	Thought I was going the right direction for locations but this system headed me in the best different direction . .
0	Not only does it list the address and direction but also the phone number .
0	Use after that takes a couple of minutes to give you driving direction .
0	Nice display enough detail and good local direction . .
0	It has some nicer features like turns coming up spoken direction and maps in one screen . .
0	It can find or recalculate direction accurately and very fast . .
0	The turn by turn direction were perfect and the countdown by tenths of a mile to feet was helpful . .
0	the direction while you are driving so you .
0	This little device makes driving to unfamiliar destinations a breeze no more trying to follow a map or printed direction especially at night .
0	Intuitive touch screen clear and precise spoken direction gets me to where I want to go . .
0	Voice direction are very pleasant and I like the idea of being able to turn off the voice if you want to . .
0	It gets me to places without having to look up for direction .
0	This GPS updates quickly and provides very accurate direction and has even taught me some short cuts around town . .
0	Reason for the 4 star is the direction that came with the unit are very vague as to all the features .
0	One issue is that a road was closed near our home and the program hasn't caught up with that thus always beginning our trips with direction to go to this road that no longer is passable 2nd St in Ft Sheridan IL .
0	If we would have had to use the direction that were given to us my mouth or even Map Qwest we would have no idea how to get to some of the places .
0	The other feature that is really nice is the voice direction giving you the street name . .
0	When we were leaving it was dark and I didn't feel like bushwhacking so I asked for direction .
0	There were many points and direction that were navigated so much more reliably with the Garmin units .
0	260W picks up the signal very quickly direction are clear and accurate and the battery life seems very good so far . .
0	I frequently get lost when I drive to unknown areas despite having direction written or printed to go by which causes me to panic as I drive .
0	Not always accurate like all GPS for charting a route but indispensable for finding points of interest food fuel stores addresses without having to search direction before you leave your house .
0	Occasionally it gives me screwy direction but it also gives me peace of mind that I'll get there eventually .
0	Often the voice direction come a little too late to appropriately respond .
0	There are no complicated features to deal with just plain and simple direction .
0	Works very well easy to use light to carry around good timing when giving direction . .
0	I bought the same one that same weekend and I have loved how it works since Not only are direction given to a particular destination but I can search restaurants shops gas stations and choices will be provided on the screen . .
0	If you don't follow direction it recalculates very quickly .
0	I loved the fact that this GPS read the direction to me as well . .
0	The screen is large enough to see and the turn by turn direction are easy to follow . .
0	Since the wife understands Japanese better I was able to download her language and now vocal direction can be given in English or Japanese .
0	There is also a pedestrian feature that allows for walking direction .
0	But we wish it had an internal am fm radio since when you use the FM transmiter in order to receive direction through the car speakers your car radio is turned off .
0	Unlike on original factory navigation systems in all cars you can listen to the regular radio and receive direction at the same time .
0	Instead of worrying about which lane to get in as I drove down the interstate I just followed the direction from the nav system .
0	I am driving by myself a lot being able to say an address or phone number rather than struggle to punch it in is both convenient and safer My only real wish for improvement is that the internal direction voice and bluetooth telephone audio volume were louder . .
0	I can listen to direction and still keep my eyes on the road .
0	One thing I have noticed with its direction it seems to like to take you on a route whereby the destination is on your right hand side . .
0	The direction were great . .
0	I bought the Garmin 885T with voice commands because I frequently need direction when in a location e g freeway that isn't convenient for stopping to reprogram the GPS unit .
0	I have a problem reversing direction .
0	Armed with written direction I can get to where I want to go .
0	Everything I needed was in the box and the Garmin follows through with its turn by turn direction and it actually tells you where to turn BEFORE you've passed the turn .
0	After I got it hooked to the radio it works great for audio books phone and direction .
0	I mean I'm a guy I don't need direction right True . .
0	Even readjust the direction if you go a different way .
0	Very helpful Haven't tried all of the features yet but the direction were excellent . .
0	The unit provides good coverage and direction . .
0	I read the direction as after the gps finished the update disconnect from the computer and shut off the gps and then reconnect to the computer .
0	The maps are very accurate and direction are clear and concise . .
0	The ball and socket joint moves in all direction .
0	Instead of poking at buttons I just speak the direction into the microphone .
0	I have hears stories of the GPS not giving the correct direction or taking an off the normal path route . .
0	This unit does exactly what it says with very little complaints from me The basics such as maps and direction have been great has not let me down with direction and quickly recalculating when needed . .
0	I do find that the map lags a tiny bit in View Map mode however when given driving direction it is pretty accurate . .
0	For the positives I like everything regarding the mapping and direction .
0	The voice comand works great the spoken direction from the gps are clear and accurate and it gives you plenty of time to make your turns by speaking the name of the road you will turn on . .
0	I love the bright colors but whats even more you can adjust the volume of the oral direction which means I can ignore looking at it ad just listen to the lady speak and give me direction or I can shut her off and look at the screan sometimes I do both Boy you gotta get this thing Its a very valuable investment .
0	You can select from a list of nearby theaters & get a listing of the current movies that are playing & direction on how to get there .
0	so watch out But I didn't have to give direction to my dad where to pick up my grandson .
0	He's disappointed that he can't figure out how to talk on bluetooth and get verbal direction at the same time .
0	I want to know when I've made the mistake for future reference versus never knowing because it just continues giving you direction even if you're driving in a circle you just never know where you were messing up .
0	<p> direction are clear and concise . .
0	I would expect this to be a basic feature so that I can connect the unit to my car's audio to be able to hear the direction from car's speakers .
0	If you don't obey the road direction the nuvi reconfigures fast its position and you get back on track . .
0	Just took my first trip with the Garmin nuvi 50LM and it was excellent with great direction . .
0	The direction were accurate and given earlier so you are able to get in the correct lane for turns . .
0	The audio direction clear and the screen map is easy to read . .
0	Bought this GPS for some trips planned this winter Only previous experience I've had with GPS units was a trip with a TomTom 335 I think Quick shipping from Amazon a plus able to register and update easy not having to rely on my wife's direction Priceless I am by no means a teckno geek don't even own a cell phone Found this GPS very easy to operate and accuracy seemed very good compared to my previous use of the TomTom .
0	I was concerned about being able to drive and follow the direction on it all at the same time .
0	On our trip back home we not only used it for route direction but also found gas stations restaurants and hotels quite easily .
0	I travel a lot but where maps and direction are concerned I'm a dummy .
0	<p> direction were spot on and very easy to follow .
0	When needed this unit will recalculate the direction quickly .
0	The only time we had problems with it is when we did not follow it's direction but then it would recalculate tell us how to get there I think it should have the added feature of telling us hey idiot I told you to turn back there now I have to recalculate to get your stupid butt there The Lifetime Maps is a must I will get a Garmin gps as a gift for anyone who does a bit of driving .
0	With a little advanced planning inputting the addresses of relatives and a few other destinations that we planned on visiting navigation was simply a matter of turning on the Garmin and following direction .
0	No matter where we were the Garmin gave us direction back to our original destination .
0	At first there was this horrible voice giving me direction but I took the time to call Garmin 28 minute wait but they were able to tell me how to select a different voice thank goodness I really think I would have returned it if I had to listen to the voice that it was set at out of the box .
0	Couple of reasons I am not giving it a 5 i When giving direction it can either show the direction of travel or the estimated arrival time but not both simultaneously and ii the lifetime maps are US only and do not include Canadian maps .
0	The picture is sharp direction accurate loud to hear gives posted speed limits and your speed for those with lead foot . .
0	I am somewhat concerned after a long trip about it giving me erroneous direction on some roads but soon learned that I had my options set on shortest route as opposed to fastest route .
0	Luckily I'm good with direction and knew vaguely how to get home . .
0	<p> direction are spot on .
0	The direction are clear concise and easy to understand Considering the price here on Amazon I do consider this a true bargain . .
0	The 5 inch screen makes it easy to see the direction of travel and the verbal instruction as well as notice within 2 tenths of change provided an easy way to travel . .
0	So now my frustration level rises and I stop at a local police dept for direction turns out it is a hosuing complex and the mail goes to the complex not the street it is on .
0	Garmin was real nice and sent me some direction to follow and when those didn't work they sent me some information regarding returning the unit . .
0	However one thing that I miss that my old GPS had is the ability to see the direction in text format .
0	Purchased this for my daughter who just moved to a new city Dallas she does not have GPS in her car and I felt it was unsafe to use her Iphone for direction while driving .
1	direction are sometimes confusing .
0	Hasn't lost gps signal once and direction are very clear . .
0	I have watched them pop in destinations for direction change their views or manually navigate with equal ease .
0	While we have only used it locally the direction have generally been good . .
0	Voice is clear direction are easy to use the 5 inch screen helps to see the route and it gives information for the next turn by indicating how many miles to go . .
0	I found the recalculating component to be very fast with new direction coming within three seconds or so . .
0	Garmin does not provide any direction but once you plug it in it's hard to go wrong Very intuitive .
0	This GPS's direction and re direction were useful in areas that I wasn't familiar with .
0	I like that the street names show on the screen and turn by turn direction are by street name route .
0	Self adjusts to when you go off course from its first direction .
0	<p> direction work great and are clear to understand and the 5 inch screen has a great view My only complaint is that after all the updates some places of business don't show up . .
0	The lane assist and voices are easy to follow and it has plenty of volume to hear direction over music playing on the radio iPod .
0	Long cord for charging Loud and clear turn by turn direction . .
0	Very good driving direction for those of you who are like I used to be and print out direction to everywhere you are going this will make life easier . .
0	The driving direction were very easy to follow and the maps were very detailed . .
0	However I did not feel that the direction that came with the GPS were very clear on all of the features .
0	To test the recalc feature I purposely go in different direction know multiple routes when traveling out of state .
0	Pros Excellent turn by turn direction .
0	The direction are clear and pretty accurate . .
0	direction were given in plenty of time and repeated at appropriate intervals .
0	The features I like best beside good direction are the MP3 player with Audible compatability and the Bluetooth connection which provides excellent hands free phoning . .
0	Easy to use the lane direction were awesome in the 12 lane freeways . .
0	I'm very impressed by the accuracy of the direction as well as the spot on accuracy of where you are at any given time the display is always up to date without any unnecessary lag or delay . .
0	Several times I was on the phone when it started reading off direction which was really distracting and annoying and I could not find any easy way to silence it .
0	Regarding the maps and the direction I think it is excellent .
0	No more direction jotted down on napkins .
0	I have trouble hearing the direction and find it almost impossible to use the cell phone by bluetooth due to low volume I can't hear it and the person I am talking to can't hear me .
0	The vocal direction when traveling through an unknown city seems a bit slower than it should be .
0	It is solidly constructed the screen is easy to read and so far all direction when we have used it have be extremely accurate .
0	Oh Yeah as far as the maps and guidance I have noticed the unit constantly tries to steer you to main routes but the recalculation is quick if you ignore their direction .
1	It's not really easy to get an overview of the direction before you set off .
0	I'd like a view similiar to google or yahoo turn by turn direction that could be reviewed before starting the trip .
0	No touchscreen issues except for minor errors when trying to input info too fast bluetooth connected fine a2dp support worked well and I could hear the turn by turn direction through my Jabra BT8040 .
0	Jill can be a little annoying & seems put out with you if you don't follow her direction exactly though .
0	The user interface is simple all the features are easily accessible the traffic works amazingly and it has been providing me with accurate direction since I have been using it . .
0	The unit pauses and interrupts media playback when giving direction .
0	Why not give direction over the media and slightly tone down the volume of the media .
0	The spoken direction computer voice usually sound fine but sometimes sound like a late 90's version of Stephen Hawking wierd Sometimes the volume of the spoken direction is very LOW for no explainable reason .
0	Voices seem clearer than previous 350T direction seem to be given a little more in advance of the 350T as well . .
0	It does get a bit confused if you turn on the direction when you are on a road that is not on the map like a parking lot or apartment complex but once you get to the streets it catches up quickly .
0	Today I listened the direction given by the garmin 765t thru the FM stereo .
0	The Nuvi map showed it the way we remembered it from past trips to DC but the junction had been reconstructed and now the direction are reversed .
0	We have been there many times and didn't really need it for direction but it was nice to have it available especially for distances to gas stations and grocery stores . .
0	The direction are clear and easy to follow . .
0	I like many of the features of the Garmin 765T the large display is easy to read the ability to save information for later use is easy and the direction are accurate . .
0	The compass needle is in the lower right corner always there pointing north so you always know your direction .
0	Most of the time I keep my unit muted because I don't like being told my direction verbally . .
0	So far it has never given me wrong direction . .
0	I've got an iPod for music I am buying a GPS for direction .
0	MY ONLY COMPLAINT WAS THAT THERE WAS NO DIRECTIONS TELLING ABOUT THE LIFETIME TRAFFIC UPGRADE .
0	It broadcasts direction over the car radio but I have to set the radio volume high to get decent volume .
1	The driving direction announcements will override the music so when it announces direction the music stops temporarily and will resume once the direction announcements are over .
1	What I do like is the music pauses when direction are being called out .
1	The only slight drawbask is that it will occasinally be a bit late in stating turning direction on city streets with short blocks .
0	It has provided excellent direction that get me where I want to go along the best route possible . .
0	Guidance and direction This is by far teh best that I have seen to date .
0	Big problem is it boings every few seconds to warn you and you cannot turn it off without losing the voice for direction .
0	This is a GPS unit and I want it to give me direction .
0	It provides clear direction in voice and on screen . .
0	However overall I like it and would recommend it to others that have difficulty with direction .
0	But between song tracks or especially when only using the FM feature for driving direction the noise creeps in .
0	<p> Great mapping and direction .
0	I drive two seaters and the cabin is small enough that the built in speaker is fairly loud and clear besides most of the time I use the FM transmiter so I can hear my music and direction via the radio .
0	And if you don't have a clue about the roads or direction you need to take then a GPS is invaluable .
0	Something I like is that it continues to give the same direction over and over again .
0	I've taken a couple of moderate road trips into areas I've never been and the direction are good . .
0	<p> direction are clear and easy to follow . .
0	Easy to use and gives great direction . .
0	Typed in Starbucks and it found all that were close by and gave direction .
0	I use this setup because most of the time I don't want to hear the text to speech direction I keep the GPS on for traffic updates and to see my estimated time of arrival and I don't want to have to switch the audio on the GPS from mute to un mute all the time .
0	I'd rather just switch to the audio auxiliary when I want to hear the direction and switch back when I don't .
0	When you go into really unfamiliar territory and want to hear the voice direction then you can turn the audio on with a flip of a switch .
0	For straight driving with addresses and needing direction I think this is a fine product .
0	Voice direction are timely and understandable . .
0	direction for lane changes are very good .
1	Two bad direction but with no influence on my driving as I am not rely on it blindly . .
1	Garmin could use some work on giving direction . .
0	FM transmitter so we can hear direction through our car speakers .
0	The unit pauses MP3's when it is giving driving direction so on a long trip audio books would work well .
0	The direction in the book do not cover most of the special stuff this thing does .
0	It gives you street name turn direction counts down by miles then feet estimated arrival time picture screen of upcoming streets and traffic alerts then re routes you around them .
0	This is much safer than trying to read a Thomas Guide or Mapquest direction especially at night how do you do that with it's illuminated picture screen and verbal direction .
0	The unit also maintains the ability to display and provide verbal direction using many different languages .
0	Flexible and moves in all direction pretty easily . .
0	I enjoy loading up the GPS with MP3's and playing them through my truck's radio with the navigation direction going through the radio too .
0	It is easy to see and I like the fact it changes to a different mode at night so it is easier to see I love the traffic and lane alerts I saw no problems at all with it and they use Karen who is very easy to understand They just love it and the direction came in plenty of time to make lane changes etc The price also was a factor in buying this but after reading all reviews on various sites we chose this and I am glad we did . .
0	Don't really need to read any direction .
0	That includes direction bluetooth phone and MP3 .
0	<p> Voice direction are clear and can be routed through the car stereo if desired . .
0	The unit delivers very accurate direction and has yet to lead me down a dirt road so far . .
0	I do not entirely follow the direction the gps gives me .
0	Pros Voice activated direction bright vivid screen FM transmitter pretty strong compared to some other devices I have owned . .
0	To use the voice activated direction you have a device that attaches to your steering wheel .
0	You can hardly hear the direction spoken even at 100% .
0	The direction are great . .
0	She's a little slow on the direction if you know where you're going and really likes toll roads .
0	Stops on street corners can confuse its direction at times .
0	Some of its intermediate direction are essentially useless amounting to stay on this road when you have no intention of doing anything but that .
0	Getting and giving instructions are so much easier with the Garmin than the Magellan that I had but gave to my husband who isn't so frustrated when trying to obtain direction . .
0	The spoken direction at full volume are plenty loud and clear for me though Jane's voice quality grates after a while .
0	Others have complained of volume issues but I find I have no problem hearing the direction probably hearing and vehicle dependant . .
0	<p> direction are clear . .
0	The maps are great direction accurate . .
0	Also you can play MP3 music in the background while getting direction kind of like the music in a supermarket that gets interrupted when they make an announcement . .
0	It's plenty loud now At my wife's request I also changed the Recalculating warning to Oops I did it again Now we get a chuckle every time we stray from Gypsy GPS' direction .
0	This is an option on mapquest but then you have to print out pages & pages of direction .
0	Allows you to continue driving safely and still find direction . .
0	The street by street direction so far have been spot on .
0	Even when I thought it must not be giving me the correct direction it has been on the money . .
0	<p> Very good features and driving direction . .
0	I tested it out in the past 3 days just love it It gave me clear direction with enough preparation time . .
0	It has a usage mode which you can change from auto to bicycle or to pedestrian for appropriate mode of travel direction . .
0	The driving direction are awesome and I really love the lane assist feature . .
0	It does give excellent direction and recomputes route very fast . .
0	Oh yes I do we always had to stop and ask direction .
0	As the title suggest I am a first time user of a GPS system this unit a Garmin 855 is easy to use to set up and gives excellent direction even in a complicated environment i e Washington DC metro area . .
0	The unit will just start giving you new direction without saying recalculating .
0	So far it has used very good routes to take me to known places and I have been very confident following it's direction to unknown places . .
0	It also cuts the volume of the music you are listening to in order to speak direction then turns it back up when done speaking .
0	It would be nice to give better direction to a fire and let the hospital know EXACTLY when we will be arriving with a patient . .
0	You can transmit direction through your car radio but I found the quality wasn't good enough plus there's background static .
0	Plays MP3s and lowers the music to give direction .
0	Other than that the direction were spot on and we arrived at the hotel exactly when and where it said we would .
0	I imediately updated to the latest maps when I got the 855 and so I have had very good luck with the direction however it can direct you on 'backroad' paths even when you have it set to the 'quickest' . .
0	It's also very helpful when you get in a strange place and need to hear the direction louder than the capability of the unit's internal speaker . .
0	I bought this GPS as a gift for my boyfriend who needs a bit more help with direction .
0	For users to avoid doing this garmin must make the gps more accurate and make more direction possibly by getting experience from Megellan . .
0	I choose this navigator for my RV primarily for these reasons cost large screen spoken direction and the ability to use an external antenna .
0	I like that fact that it displays your speed in the lower left hand corner while it is giving your direction .
0	Overall it gets the job done and I have found no issues with the direction or maps to date . .
0	The product is quick to start up and quick to recalculate direction .
0	So far very accurate direction . .
0	Fixes on satellites quickly and calculates direction pretty fast . .
0	I just tell it HOME and my direction .
0	<p> direction are clear as is the viewing screen . .
0	Gives direction lets you know by picture which way you can expect to turn and then confirms the turn appropriately a few feet before and then right on the turn .
0	Pros very good user interface easy to use nice touch screen direction are very good and the text to speech feature really helps . .
0	If there is another route within reason it recalculates and gives you new direction based on your current path .
0	My only other GPS experience was with a different brand and it would continually tell you to take a U turn if you didn't follow it's direction .
0	I like the fact that if you go a different way than it tells you to go it will recalculate & give you new direction .
0	2 If you are in say California and want to get direction to San Antonio Texas you can't just say San Antonio but rather have to give a specific address or postal code .
