1	What I am not happy with is that there is no way to turn off the advertising "offers" that  clutter the screen  without turning off the traffic information completely.
1	I really wanted the larger screen, traffic, and lane assist that the 1450 offered.
1	3-Inch Widescreen Bluetooth Portable GPS Navigator</a> This GPS, ordered in May for $449, was delayed and defective when finally delivered in July.
1	I live in Northern Virginia and the reason of why i bought this GPS were for both screen size and traffic, the traffic in this area is very heavy in the morning and in the afterrnoon.
1	7- Talking to my wife using the bluetooth, she couldn't hear me very well, eventhough i could heard her very loud Pros: 1-Big screen 2-Free traffic 3-Refreshing time is very fast 4-After the first time, it aquires satellite signal fairly fast 5-Speake is very loud Bottom line is not worth the price, you are better off with the Nuvi 265WT for 199.
1	99 or less, it has the same features with a smaller screen I would not recommend it to a friend.
1	The  screen seemed small  and difficult to see Connecting to WiFi was near impossible.
1	The 3790T has the best screen viewing, average POI (built-in) searches (minus any Google, weather, or fuel price searches, or Caio!
1	The other thing it would do is change screens to a setting function.
1	This product is great if you dont know where you are going, the only negative thing i have to say is the touch  screen is very hazy .
1	Other than a larger screen, this device moves in the wrong direction: - the  touch-screen reacts unpredictably , much worse than older Nuvis.
1	It doesn't track the finger well at all, no matter how deliberate the gesture, often spinning the  screen off in unpredictable directions .
1	On a single touch, or sometimes with a "drag", it pops up a large detail balloon that  clobbers the entire middle of the screen , exactly where you most want to see something.
1	- pop-up advertisements at the top of the screen are an annoyance and never of any practical use.
1	Either the screen could be larger or an option for larger font.
1	But while phone touch screens withstand significant pressure, the  screen on this device literally cracked  when the phone slid from my front pocket down under my car seat.
1	Sure, there are visual informantion on the screen, but most drivers use audio cues instead on visual cues when driving to pay attention to congested traffic.
1	Pluses  large screen size   up-to-date points of interest   acquires satellites signals quickly   lane assist option Minuses   poor touch-screen response    can turn off entirely in the middle of a route!
1	The touch  screen just isn't very responsive , even after calibration.
1	The more important issue that just struck me is popup ads on the screen.
1	I found my old Nuvi 680 unit with the  broken screen , bought the screen on e-bay for $10 and installed on my old unit.
1	To whit: -  The screen takes many seconds to display.
1	So often when approaching a complex intersection, just when I need it most, it goes blank trying to re-write the screen.
1	-   Touchscreen is poor --cannot control items very well with the touchscreen.
1	Also, whenever I do touch the screen, it places a point in "recently found", so the recently found list is full of crap points, rather than the real points I have found, making "recently found" useless.
1	Also, hitting "backup" or other points on the touchscreen may or may not actually do anything; tho this may just be the very very slow response of this unit.
1	It shuts off in the middle of giving me directions and when I power it back on, the Garmin  screen is displaying something totally irrelevant  and starts giving me wrong directions.
1	One last thing:  The amount of information displayed on the map  screen is very limited  compared to other GPSs I have seen.
1	Again, all on your map screen and it looks really nice.
1	Once in Miami, the battery ran low & without warning the  screen went black .
1	Purchased for lifetime traffic and maps, unit has nice features, exceptional screen, but unfortunaelly compared to my last two Tom-Tom's the directions are inferior, crazy routes, wrong turns, incorrect street names, a significant difference, enough so that I am going back to a Tom-Tom.
1	The screen is much brighter; the size is thinner; the speaker on the back of the mounting device makes it much easier to hear while speaking on the bluetooth (though it is still sometimes difficult to make out what people are saying with the road noise).
1	Finally, after 3 months of use the touch  screen froze up  and it was impossible to use and I returned it.
1	Pluses for the 3790LMT are better and bigger screen, smaller depth (think I-phone), better battery life, glass screen (easy to clean), good satellite pick up speed and more fully featured.
1	Minuses are: limited traffic availability on this type of system, difficulties switching between screens (limited shortcut buttons), poor sound quality, extremely limited voice choices (as compared to Magellan), extremely limited icon choices (as compared to Magellan), awkward and unclear on-line updates and support information, and loss of traffic feature if not on power cord.
1	Let's go to the positives about this device: - very clear display under all light conditions - great user interface - screens shows a preview of highway signs and which lanes to be on (real nice feature) - has built-in battery, so works without always being plugged in - free traffic updates (though it forces you to see ads on the screen) Now onto the negatives, which are so bad that I wish I could return this, but only came to figure them out after an extended period using it: - First and foremost, this product is CRAP when calculating the best routes for long distance trips.
1	In addition, sometimes the touch  screen isn't that responsive , which is a bit annoying.
1	3) The  screen size is a little on the small size .
1	I like the larger screen, the Bluetooth, the quick satellite lock, and other features, but.
1	It just had a  black screen of death  sometimes when receiving calls.
1	The second was much worse -  touchscreen froze up  at times, electronic voice became distorted at times, phone wouldn't pair right.
1	While out of town on business I tried to turn it on and all I got was a  black screen  with the word Garmin.
1	It was nice to view when it flashed on the screen and accurately depicted the intersection, BUT, it only stayed on the screen a few seconds then went off, never to reappear again.
1	Web browser is Ok, but  screen is too small  to view the web pages.
1	I got this for Christmas and while I like the bigger screen, I don't like the ads that pop up.
1	3 inch screen, but they usually cost around $50 more.
1	If you follow my advice and get a unit with text to speech, you will NEVER need to look at the unit while driving, so the screen size is really a non-issue.
1	The touch  screen became unresponsive .
1	Apparently about three years ago, a batch of defective touch-screens were incorporated in this model.
1	On re-start it flashed to the Garmin splash screen and constantly re-booted.
1	On one hand it's got a bright easy to see in any light screen, and the built in picture viewer and MP3 player are cool (even though I NEVER use them), but on the other hand this thing can really suck at choosing routes!
1	It gave the name of the highway rather than the name of the street to exit and had the correct street name in () marks on the screen.
1	For example, you can scroll the map by sliding your finger on the screen -- but most of the time (though not always; why?
1	And the GPS often wastes your time with  screens that are useless  -- these are the equivalent of "splash screens" after you select a waypoint, that do nothing other than force you to press another "Start" button.
1	Responsive touch-screen, big size makes selections easy.
1	Panning/browsing screen almost impossible (see rubber-band effect) due to software bugs.
1	Big  screen don't show more map area , as opposed to 4.
1	Moving the screen by fingertip is not so good though.
1	Big screen is beautiful.
1	Bad: - battery life: is too short (less than 3hrs) even with screen turned off to conserve.
1	I took some screenshots of my setup and opened an email support ticket with Garmin  technical support.
1	Replied back and got a response from a 3rd tech but wanting a description of the problem which I had so painstakingly described with screenshots and descriptions in my initial inquiry.
1	I love some of the new navigation features (such as the multipoint routing) and the large screen but I purchased this unit primarily for its transit feature.
1	Perhaps when Garmin resolves their software issues, I'll reconsider these new widescreen 1200/1300/1400 models but most likely not now.
1	Although it has a nice big screen and shows the roads and intersections in detail, I have missed turns or took the wrong road on three different occasions, because the stated directions do not seem to keep up with my car location.
1	i then did a google search to see if maybe i needed to install a driver or something - that's when i found out that a lot of other people who bought this gps were having the same  problem with the touch screen  with no known solution.
1	from what i did see of the actual gps function (directions, maps, etc) this unit would be great if the screen worked properly.
1	bottom line: i would have recommended this gps to others if the screen worked - especially because it has walking directions which i thought was a really nice addition.
1	because the  screen does not work , i will instead recommend the garmin nuvi 50 which is very similar to this one - the only difference i noticed (aside from the fact that the screen has a very good touch response) is that it does not have 'pedestrian mode' which gives the walking directions.
1	Then, if you're in traffic, you have to go out of nav, through two other screens to change the option of shortest route.
1	The "fatal flaw" for this unit is that in the middle of a 600 mile trip, it just went black and wouldn't turn on (tried the 3 suggestions: hold the power button down, hold the power button down while pressing bottom right of screen, plug into computer--these are nowhere in the manual, BTW!
1	(2)  After a few months of use, the  touchscreen became erratic .
1	Certain  screens will not recognized a touch .
1	The one thing that I must give to the Roadmates are that they are much more accurate than the Nuvi and the screen displays much more information than the Nuvi.
1	----PROs -Touch screen very easy to press and very easy to use.
1	5" screen, keyboard was "ABC" layout and difficult to type.
1	5 inch Screen - to me, caring the unit is more important than 5" screen, so I feel this is enough.
1	As stated by other reviewers, however, it puts ads on the screen.
1	I barely started using it (took it out for 3 drives) when it started displaying a white screen which it just would not get out of.
1	but the touch  screen is not very sensitive .
1	Even with selecting the "Most" map detail option, street names and other data is sparse especially on such a large a readable screen.
1	On the plus side as mentioned the large screen is very clear and visible and the touchpad is good enough preferring my finger nail to my finger.
1	In the meantime I just gaze at that beautiful screen.
1	The touch screen is a good size and durable.
1	The Bad:  The touch  screen isn't quite as sensitive  as I would like, which requires you to push far harder than I would normally expect, but certainly not to the point of feeling "rough" or destructive.
1	Also, while the big screen is nice, it's not quite bright enough to be clearly visible in really bright light.
1	The unit charged back up fine but when I tried to boot it up a message showed up telling me to press a dot that was on the screen.
1	DISLIKES- Advertisements on screen when not moving: Traffic delays not always accurate: Maps not always accurate.
1	This one has a ton of features and the screen looks great.
1	Names of roads are shown only in closest screens.
1	Screen display: The Garmin has a nice, non-reflective, matt plastic screen, and the screen sensitivity is about right.
1	The Tomtom has a reflective glass screen and I found and a screen protector really helped.
1	For my money it's also way too sensitive - I think your finger should to be able to find its way around the screen by touch before pressing the point you want, so you don't have to take your eye off the road.
1	Unit #2: Had the same issues regarding registration, continual "update available" and the license agreement screen.
1	This only made things worse: now every time I turned it on it prompted for the following: language, location, license, and the mandatory "I understand the risks of using this device" screen.
1	This finally corrected all of the start-up screen prompts (only had to answer them once after the update)!
1	So bad, that I thought that maybe that feature was not active on my device, but after re-reading the product description and carefully looking through the Garmin screens, the traffic feature is in fact "working" on my Garmin.
1	I have the setting "Faster Times" and avoidances "Traffic" selected, and the Garmin does show me if sections of my route are slow (with the colors yellow and read on the screen).
1	I bought this nuvi to always have something fired up and ready to go in my car, with a larger screen and maybe sharper features.
1	But here's the deal:  When I forgot the spoken direction, I could not understand what I was to do next by simply looking at the screen.
1	A black and white arrow is not eay to see on a screen with a white background.
1	Smaller is not good when you are driving and navigating and you have to read the screen because you forgot the last command.
1	However, after a little over a month, I am having problems with the unit, sometimes it just won't talk, forcing me to look at the Nuvi screen constantly so I won't miss my exit, not good if the traffic is heavy.
1	I don't mind the smaller screen, but I don't like the flip up antennae.
1	The traffic is usually off, scrolling through the map  screens is HORRIBLE , the GPS will just shut off in mid route (happened when we really needed directions in a city and thus got lost) and the estimated time is off by 1 hr.
1	The manual warned about  screen freezes  and the unit certainly exceeds at that.
1	But I must have made a typo -- that's a lot of letters on a  small touchscreen !
1	This might be a  problem with the large screen .
1	My old TomTom doesn't have this problem, but the  screen is very small .
1	The only way to verify the current version is to go into a deeply-embedded screen to match up the software version on your device.
1	One part of my  screen is pretty much permanently melted .
1	My unit is horrible to look at now (due to the  damaged screen , not the snot.
1	They never responded and I have not checked for an update lately im use to it now and planning on a larger screen model.
1	On the plus side, the screen is big and the typing is very easy.
1	This nuvi 1490T is my third GPS and I love the larger screen.
1	Its not accurate when it tells  me where to make a turn with the voice, you better watch for the highlighted road in the screen.
1	After attempting to update the software and map data, the unit went into an endless boot-up cycle (Garmin screen, map data loading, power down, power up, and repeat.
1	The touch  screen is unreliable  and spotty.
1	Sometimes I have to keep my finger on a particular "button" for a few seconds for the screen to "accept" or recognize it.
1	Other times it will randomly just go to a screen I have not selected.
1	I have the same problem as a customer listed previously - The Nuvi 350 worked fine out of the box, but soon afterward the  screen went to very low contrast  as though the back lighting went out.
1	The PROS for the 3790lmt is got to be it's abundant features -Bright screen and nice, crisp resolution -Voice command works really well -Life time map update and traffic alert but comes at a really high price -3-D view works in my area and it does show accurate outline of certain buildings and structures -Traffic light and speed cameras alert does work -Speed limit indicator is helpful and accurate majority of the time -Slimmest amongst its kind for excellent portability.
1	-Finally, the  screen turned grey  while still navigating.
1	But it looks like a screen with much smaller resolution with everything so big.
1	The 1350 seems to acquire satellites slower than the 660 and the touch  screen is at best erratic .
1	Sometimes it becomes  unresponsive to the touch screen .
1	Nowhere in the users manual mentioned this and nothing on screen telling users about the reduce volume.
1	Hi, I bought it 2 months back and within month it was showing me poor or lost satellite reception all the time, this is my second Garmin GPS, first one was stopped working as my  touchscreen was not working  so now it is expensive paper weight.
1	Pros: -- Great screen: the display is plenty large & bright to see easily Cons: -- Utterly unreliable in acquiring satellite signals.
1	So I put my finger on the screen, wait for a second, then slowly move it in the desired direction.
1	With this more advanced and sophisticated unit I have to back out through all the address screens, go to View Map mode, zoom out of Texas, find Hawaii, zoom on Maui, find that location manually, and then I can set it as my new destination.
1	However its touch  screen is horrible , basically useless.
1	20, and noticed it shows a split screen of map/visual on exit, as opposed to visual only, which is quite nice.
1	The screen would sometimes show the left third on the right side of the screen for about 10 seconds.
1	The  touchscreen is unresponsive  and requires deliberate keystrokes, mine is particularly unresponsive on the right lower corner.
1	The  screen lags  and it literally asked us turn around in a private driveway.
1	*LARGE DISPLAY:  This 5" screen on the nuvi 1450 is the smallest that I would want to work with.
1	Trying to hit the on-screen buttons at arm's length can be tricky.
1	I will say that I think that the only significant flaw in this device is in how the unit handles the touch-screen, but this problem is so significant as to make the device practically unusable.
1	Interacting with the  touch-screen is so frustrating  that I've more or less given up on using this device.
1	That is, the on-screen key that I'm tying to press will eventually turn blue to indicate that the unit recognizes the input.
1	Besides  that if you have you phone connected by the bluetooth, you can't make calls dialing right from the main map screen.
1	I turned the unit on at the beginning of a 10 day roadtrip to discover one third of the  screen black , rendering the unit unusable.
1	Again, I'm comparing this to the 360, I can do these things with the 360 even though it's a much smaller screen!
1	Also looked forward to a bigger screen and access to more info.
1	Also while having a bigger screen,  LESS info is shown per screen  requiring MORE scrolling than the smaller unit as I like to look at the "data" screen w/ miles traveled, miles to go, time traveled, time sitting, moving, etc.
1	This is useful in finding a street at night(say when you're going to unfamiliar territory in your own town) The unit is pretty big, easy to see and the touch screen is great.
1	The Nuvi 1350 is my first problem Garmin---- the alphabet  touchscreen for the address input is terrible , requiring numerous touches to connect.
1	When you use the traffic feature, pop-up ads continually appear on the screen.
1	After my earlier Garmin Nuvi 650 stopped worked one fine day due to  unresponsive touch screen , I gave the benefit of doubt to Garmin and went ahead and bought this replacement Nuvi 295W.
1	First off, as soon as I got the GPS I was let down by the size of the screen as I was expecting a screen size similar to my old Nuvi 650 4.
1	3" screen is definitely smaller.
1	The voice is very audible in my right ear, but of course I can't see or touch the screen when it is in this position.
1	Twice now while I was using the unit the  screen suddenly went whitish-gray  and locks up.
1	It wouldn't respond to either the on/off switch or the touchscreen.
1	7) Some  screens are non-intuitive  and it needs more buttons (either physical ones like the handheld units or soft ones on the touchscreen).
1	Unless you have memorized the manual and explored all the screens, including undocumented features, and use the unit every day, you will not be able to figure out how to get to various things you want to access because there is nothing on the screen to tell you how to do it.
1	The only viable difference between the two models is a slightly larger screen.
1	Pro's: Size is nice, and the touch screen seems to be behaving better than previous models the features are a nice upgrade from the less expensive Garmin's I have had in the past shipped quickly (but I am a prime member) I have been sorely disappointed with this product.
1	" All in all, my old Garmin was more reliable than this one, but unfortunately the  screen on that one just stopped responding .
1	One more thing - it has constant "rewards offers" that pop up on screen for Best Western hotels, etc.
1	It turned on when I first took it out of the box and then the  screen went dead  and it wouldn't turn on even after being charged.
1	WiFi is about like a smartphone with the same size screen.
1	turned out to be the same garmin nuvi but a 5 inch screen, that worked flawlessly.
1	The touch  screen was difficult to use .
1	If you have to change the volume, you have to go back to main screen, exiting your   current itinerary than coming back to it, all done by toutching, taking your attention off the road for a   considerable amount of time, expecially in heavy traffic.
1	The first one died ( screen froze  over and over) within a couple of weeks.
1	A five-inch screen is great, but much of that is dedicated to feedback I don't care about (speed limit/altitude).
1	Also annoying is you're driving along and "poof" the  screen randomly goes black , and if you're lucky, the garmin logo appears, and the GPS reboots itself.
1	I have not tried 'eco route' related functionality I have updated map and software - so it has now latest firmware and map Basic functionality - add address/search address , navigation,interface is fine now i feel following issues - if anybody has any input let us know 1) when unit start - screen loads after "I agree" button ,it always make noise like "spark " or radio tunning for fraction of second and then it become normal.
1	this happens many times when u are on different screen in random manner i reduce the speaker volume to 50% or lower but i can hear it i am thinking to return this unit as later on this may develop in major issue.
1	Kinda sad, I had my Abba songs on it and a picture of my Healey as the splash screen.
1	the screen is good, voice and  color are also good.
1	Larger screen and improved graphics were impressive.
1	Despite several restarts, it would not get past the loading maps screen.
1	Finally the  screen went black  after 14 months of use.
1	I have had this unit for a while now and while overall I like the form factor and the screen.
1	The first one, a 1390T  froze on the opening screen .
1	My other main  problem was with the screen  touch sensitivity and multi-touch.
1	I have two multi-touch devices (iPad and HTC Inspire cellphone) and both work beautifully in selecting and zooming on the screen.
1	And attempting a two finger zoom was terrible and the  screen display often jumped  somewhere else that I was pointing.
1	5" non-touch screen) for over 6 years, I'm appalled at the "simplification" of today's newer GPS.
1	I bought this unit--since returned due to a problem with it turning off and then on (sattellite coverage OK) several times in a 200 mile trip--as I liked the larger screen, and because there are no new map updates for the '276.
1	He agrees but he's getting older and is willing to give up some detail for the easier to read screen.
1	Also, the touch screen is a neat feature, but is hard to control where you're touching while driving--then you get a different screen.
1	The Garmin "city-select" maps or "mapsource" come with the software to allow a trip to be created on the large screen of one's computer and make necessary adjustments prior to down loading to the gps device--another feature I miss!
1	Love the larger screen, my only complaint.
1	My old Garmin didn't have these issues, I just wanted to upgrade to a new one with a larger screen and traffic, but not one that will lose me in my own backyard.
1	I like the large screen on this Garmin and the lane assist feature is definitely helpful in big cities.
1	I am very disappointed with my garmin 1450 GPS whose  touchscreen is so fragile  and unbelieveably it is cracked when I push the poweroff button.
1	I cannot believe it is true when I looked at this "spider web" of  cracked screen .
1	To my most disappointment, I am still in a one-year warranty, however, garmine company refused to repair it by giving a stupid reason that my  screen damage  is out of range of their warranty.
1	 Lack of responsiveness of the touchscreen  is a significant negative feature.
1	Compared to an iPhone, for instance, moving closer or farther from the location viewed is much more cumbersome than simply moving your fingers apart or together on a touchscreen.
1	Beautiful screen, easy to use, but takes FOREVER to acquire satellites!
1	Garmin accuracy and audio is included, but a small  screen makes this unit less than perfect .
1	The small  screen makes net surfing a misery .
1	Digital buttons on the LCD screen are not sensitive enough and I find I have to push down kinda hard to get them to respond which makes inputting addresses tedious.
1	when you go to the volume screen, it still says it is set at 70% (where i like it) and the mute box is not checked.
1	The unit asks for the address to be entered & when I put in the street & number , the next screen asks for the number which I have already entered.
1	I have tried the "recalibrate screen" multiple times, sometimes without even trying since the unit locks up all the time!
1	I will say this, the ads that people complain about: i don't see what the big deal is, they're tiny, they occasionally pop up & never interfere w/ the screen or directions.
1	The Good: Pretty big screen, nice touch-screen controls, easy to use.
1	The screen is large enough to easily read, the maps seem up-to-date.
1	I spent almost two hours stumbling through various screens until the update was downloaded, I thought to my Garmin device.
1	I don't know if it's just my unit or a product-wide problem, but the touch  screen is terribly unresponsive .
1	I cracked the right side of the screen trying to get the "l" to respond, and now I can only navigate to places that don't require the right side of the keyboard.
1	It loses connection with satellite, there's delays in directions, wrong signals, no warning before battery dies,  touchscreen is not sensitive  enough to recognize input, and the list goes on and on.
1	Bad: The  screen contrast really sucks .
1	You have set the unit's screen at a slight downward angle and everything will be fine.
1	However I still don't think there's an excuse for such a  crappy screen .
1	However, if you want something 100% reliable all the time right now, I'd shop for a Garmin unit that has a good screen if it still exists.
1	On-screen buttons sometimes require two pushes to get my touch to register -- this typically happens when entering an address and it suggests several town names - I have to press twice sometimes to get it to accept the entry.
1	On the other hand, the screen is bright and large, the sound quality is great, and ease of use is fantastic.
1	Also the POI's are fair and the Mio are much better and have the POI icons on the screen as you are driving.
1	The Nuvi 1490LMT is well made and has a clear, bright screen that presents information in a good, simple and informative format.
1	And that 5" screen, that should be *very* easy to see!
1	I had an insurance policy on my old Garmin 765T through Bestbuy which I loved, but the pixels in the screen I had a white straightline, and thought the  screen was burning out , so I took the 765T back to Bestbuy and was given the Garmin 2360 LMT, took it home, registered the product and did the current down loads, and current maps.
1	I had the Garmin 2360 LMT GPS for 1 day, and the screen completly went dead, I returned it to Bestbuy and was given another Garmin 2360 LMT, and took that home registered it down loaded the maps and current software, that unit worked for a day and a half and the screen went dead, returned it to another Bestbuy, thinking the first Bestbuy got a bad shipment of GPS's, and received another Gamin 2360 LMT, did the downloads, and that unit worked two days before the  screen stopped working .
1	Went to another Bestbuy and received another Garmin 2360 LMT and that lasted 3 months, and the  screen went dead  on 12-15-2011.
1	DO NOT BUY THE GARMIN 2360 LMT, Customer service at Bestbuy just told me on 12-15-2011 when I returned the Garmin 2360 LMT for the last time, that a number of people are returning their 2360 LMT models for the same problems, the  screen just goes dead , and the unit will not turn back on.
1	As an example: My one button operation to change the sound level on the TomTom sometimes takes so long to get to the change screen that it immediately flips back to the main screen before I can make a change so I have to hit the location of where the sound bar will be in advance of it appearing to get the sound right (presumably it starts timing how long it is on the volume change screen from the time you hit the button and not from when the screen appears).
1	Leading up to that section it clearly has in the upper left section of the screen a little graphic indicating the lane to be in too.
1	It also has clearly at the top of the screen what the next instruction will be.
1	TomTom has 2 sets of screen colors which it can automatically flip between - one set for night and the other for day.
1	Garmin doesn't have this, though its screen isn't glossy like the TomTom's is and can be seen easier in sunlight I think.
1	Turn information: Occasionally, I like to see what directions I will need to take ahead of time and with the Garmin it is an easy one screen push operation, with my TomTom I have to do about 3 or 4 button pushes to get to the right screen (though the TomTom does have more choices like seeing it in text, map images or through a moving driving demo going through the map as you would be whilst driving).
1	Garmin has this way easier once you know where on the screen to push to get the information as it isn't spelled out.
1	The newest iPhone (or iPod Touch with Wi-Fi) Google Pedestrian Maps completely works for approximately the same amount of money and a unit that is half the thickness, better touch screen, and this piece of junk simply does not work.
1	It used to have one of the best screens out there, as you can read in many of the 2005 reviews.
1	But that's changed, and the new screen is a downgraded high glare one.
1	The navigation works great, and if you don't try to read the screen in sunlight you'll be fine.
1	I don't think it's worth the high price - unless they return to the original, better screen.
1	The touch  screen is way too responsive ; goes all over the place.
1	After registration and updates, there is a white dot line across the screen.
1	My only problem is that the Suction cup lost suction on a glass surface and the Garmin fell,  breaking the screen .
1	It had been on the windshield all day and the next morning it had fallen and is now a paperweight with a  broken screen .
1	I had many issues with the nuvi 350: poor user interface, did not "know" where we lived (town name was in database but not in entry list offered), yielded totally wrong destination town w/test of directions (lacks quick means to verify routing),  screen resolution too small  for effective use, zoom function rather tedious to use, points of interest list included inaccessible (ie, non-public!
1	It's 5" screen is nice.
1	The screen is really impressive and everything works out of box.
1	I really tried to keep it for this big and bright screen, but I couldn't bear it for the below reasons.
1	Also - the touch  screen is incredibly temperamental .
1	Alright it has a wonderful size screen and everything is nice and clear you have pretty good features and all.
1	Second what is up with coupons popping up on the screen while your driving and trying to see where you are going?
1	why else did the screen flip upside down at one point?
1	The screen size is very usable but the  screen navigation is a bit strange  and could be considerably improved.
1	doesnt matter which +/- on screen that i push.
1	 screen display makes odd jumps  and view changes when i try to change how high the balloon is flying while i look down at the terrain.
1	The pros: 1) The  screen can get extremely bright .
1	I have mine set at 40% brightness, and I have never had an  issue reading the screen  in the daytime.
1	3) The large screen, though not a necessity, is nice to have.
1	If I had looked at the screen more closely, I may have been able to make the exit, but I was focused on the road more.
1	I'm not sure if TomTom has announced street names and as large a screen.
1	I have had Garmins since 1998 with no problems: this one is the exception:  couldn't select screen options  by a "touch" but had to press; then it wouldn't power off and then horizontal lines through the screen.
1	Update Nov 2011:  Received a replacement and is working for the 3 weeks I have had it but the "touch"  screen is the same as the one that died ; it isn't sensitive like the prior models I have had and I have to tap or even squeeze the selections.
1	The Garmin has a much bigger screen and lifetime maps and text-to-speech and traffic alerts but the TomTom is such a pleasure to use compared to the Garmin.
1	* When entering addresses the Garmin will suddenly jump from a data-entry screen with a keyboard to a pick-list of choices once it has narrowed down the options enough based on what you've already typed.
1	If I'm typing along quickly the screen will often change to the pick-list right as I'm about to hit the next letter resulting in me inadvertently choosing the wrong street off the pick list.
1	* When the Garmin loses satellite reception (like when you're going through a tunnel) it pops up a big window over the screen announcing the fact that it lost reception.
1	The TomTom just grays out the screen to indicate that it doesn't have reception but continues to plot your path at your last recorded speed, then gracefully picks up again when it regains a signal without distracting the user with a pointless button push.
1	So you end up wasting a lot of the space on that big screen anyway.
1	For example, the ability to jump to any screen by voice (such as "traffic" or "tools" or "settings") is no longer available.
1	Cons: There is way too little info on the screen with only two settings "more" or "less".
1	More eats up a quarter of screen running vertical instead of running horizontal like it does in less mode.
1	Next, the  screen is jumpy .
1	I had an old model but a few years back decided to upgrade to a new flat screen model so that I could more easily pack it for trips.
1	This model seemed too good to be true - flat screen and lifetime free map upgrades.
1	The Picturesque Lane View feature is nice, but unless you are staring at it to catch it, you will probably miss it because it only stays on the screen for a couple of seconds and goes away long before you actually have to make your lane change, I was about to call Garmin to complain mine didn't have the feature because I kept missing it when it popped up.
1	(They also removed the feature you got by quick-touching the Sat Signal icon taking you to the satellites screen - you have to press and hold the Signal icon for more then 10 seconds to  get the sat screen to load .
1	I love the larger screen, and I like the addition of the Speed Limit, as well as the ability to have a clock on the map screen.
1	I replaced an older Garmin unit with this one and was, at first, very impressed with the features and screen functions.
1	The touch  screen is not sensitive  and the screen is not clear even I wiped it.
1	Sometimes  screen goes blank  for several seconds to redraw while navigating.
1	The touch  screen is very crude , low resolution, with bad accuracy, way too insensitive even for a resistive touch screen.
1	The  screen fills with ads  while you're driving that are super distracting.
1	2 - The touch  screen is not as responsive  as it should be.
1	Took it for trips around the neighborhood, still won't go past the initial screen.
1	I tried pressing the dot at various points on the screen about 50 times but it just kept going.
1	Master reset won't work and it just keeps coming back to the same screen.
1	It always screened "No map data available" for the two days trip<a href="http://www.
1	- Touch  screen is not as good .
1	- again, related to the touchscreen: when I browse a map and want to select a place where I want to go to, the GPS does not 'feel' it all the time - when I browse a map, it takes a long time to download (much longer than my previous GPS).
1	One main thing to remember is to make sure you uncheck most of the choices on the avoidance screen so your routing is more accurate.
1	It takes so much trying to get it to read my finger on the  touchscreen, it's nearly unuseable .
1	I have my doubts about the long term durability of the pop-in connection between the GPS screen and the suction mount.
1	The tough  screen requires too much pressure .
1	The forums said this is to calibrate the touchscreen, but which touchscreen keeps asking "press dot" for more than 100 touches?
1	-mounting kit is excellent -nice touch screen.
1	I used the "safely remove hardware" button on my PC and the  screen became washed out  with white.
1	Also the touch  screen function is delayed , you have to hold your finger on the screen for a little too long to get a response.
1	The additional  screen real estate is also wasted .
1	bought this unit from walmart because I needed a unit quickly since my magellan 2145's  screen broke during travel .
1	There's not much new aside from the digital compass and the speed limit readout in the lower right hand corner of the screen.
1	Its really annoying to keep looking at the screen to make sure you haven't missed your exit or whatnot.
1	Overall, its a good GPS, just a few minor glitches that hopefully can be solved with a few push of buttons on the screen.
1	I've had many  issues with the touch screen  of this device.
1	And sometimes when I set out to use it, the  screen seems to freeze up  intermittently and was so fickle, I couldn't even recalibrate it.
1	(5) No ability to display more than two data fields on the map screen at the same time.
1	The bottom right of the screen shows distance to next turn (but not what kind of turn it is).
1	On all of their models you can define data fields to display on the map screen, including: speed, ETA, compass (with various options), distance remaining, etc.
1	When I'm traveling, the most critical pieces of information I want on the screen include: speed; distance to next turn; direction of turn; ETA.
1	Garmin gives me that, but only spread among multiple screens with no configurable option to see all at once.
1	With Garmin, the best I got was: the map screen, including ETA, and distance to next turn.
1	If you want current speed while on a route, you must touch the ETA info to take you to Garmin's trip info screen -- a very nice screen with cool information including: distance traveled since last reset; max speed; current speed; overall avg speed; moving avg speed; total time; total time moving; total time stopped; and direction of travel.
1	These are all very nice pieces of information, but I also want to see the map (which you don't on this screen), AND more importantly, I STILL want to see how far until the next turn, and what that turn is.
1	I found myself compromising and selecting the screen that caused me the least pain for the duration.
1	Cons: cannot configure "view map" screen to display what I think are critical information: current speed (while on a route -- not even an option); distance to next turn (including what type of turn that is); compass (while on a route -- not even an option); ETA; clock (not even an option); and distance remaining (not even an option).
1	Trip info  screen contains useless information  (in my opinion), and gives no option to display trip information I deem useful (even though it is readily available somewhere internal to the Garmin).
1	I give this unit a 3 star rating, because I'm sure many will not find the  missing screen information  critical, but if any of you out there are long time TomTom users, and are considering trying Garmin, consider long and hard before you jump ship.
1	All in all with its large screen, fast sat connection, free map updates the 1450 is a solid GPS.
1	You can save yourself money and disappointment, get a basic large screen GPS Feb 2012 Had an occasion to use this unit out of my local area.
1	3) The lane assist is very poor, consisting of a series of arrows at the top of the screen (not actually on the map itself) that causes you to look back and forth from arrows - map - arrows - etc to figure out which lane you should be in.
1	5)The screen brightness on the highest setting is much less than my old Garmin.
1	The screen is less glossy than my old Garmin, but overall the screen is larger but harder to view in the daytime.
1	The main complaint is that the touch  screen is not responsive , and most of the times, it just locked up in the middle of inputting an addresses.
1	I opened the box and was immediately impressed by the size of the screen and was looking foward to using it knowing that it had up to date maps, etc.
1	Then the  screen went blank .
1	The bigger screen allows for more information to be displayed, and one of the options includes elevation, which I was thrilled to see.
1	At the end of the working day-around 5PM (and it is not summer now), I tried to enter the address on the on-screen keyboard and the right side of the keyboard was not initially working at all.
1	It looks well built, has a nice appearance and the screen is great viewing but sometimes does not respond well to the touch.
1	Quit zooming my screen up and down to look sexy.
1	The  screen memory is so slow  it will make you scream profanities.
1	Yes, the screen is bigger at 5-inches, but it is set at very low resolution.
1	The screen is just bigger and does not really show more information.
1	I'm not going to repeat what so many other reviews here have said about the screen, mounting, and so on.
1	My friend uses a magellan (old non-widescreen 2-d version) on the same vehicle and her mount stays.
1	The screen is sensitive and responsive and everything else works fine.
1	1) Unit was charged and I powered unit up 2) The Pwr sequence a bit slower compared to my Tom Tom 720 but more technology more power more delays 3) Unit goes into demo mode and sat in vechile for 15 minutes trying to get satellites to show up as recomended in quick start manual 4) I exited demo mode and proceeded to deactivate demo mode because unit was not seeing any Satellites 5) followed instruction but the unit will NOT recognize the request to deactivate GPS simulator mode, the unit acknowledged that you are pressing touch screen by making an audible sound but it does not change state 6) I found I curious that the unit was not sealed in original packaging?
1	The Garmin logo would display, the progress bar would activate, the maps would load then the  screen would go blank  and the process would repeat.
1	The touch  screen frequently didn't sense my touches , and I had to press some keys on the keyboard several times, even though the keys lit up, the letters or numbers didn't register.
1	Magellan's screen was much more responsive.
1	The  screen was nearly impossible to see  outside, even on an overcast day without direct sun with the screen brightness turned up to 100%.
1	Unless it was angled just right I could  barely read what was on the screen , limiting its usability for pedestrian use in finding your way around a strange town on foot or bicycle.
1	The Magellan's screen was bright and easy to see regardless of lighting conditions.
1	however it does find satellite signals quickly, reroutes quickly, has lane assist which is great and has a very wide screen.
1	The defeact is a little green dot in my screen.
1	It set-up easy, and I even liked the screen better.
1	Another time while following the road, the screen showed me veering off-road and into a field for a mile before re-joining the highway.
1	I love the big screen!
1	The whole  screen turns into bright grey  and you can't see nothing.
1	-Once I was following its directions (without looking at the screen) and as I arrived at my destination I realized it had directed me to "1"--that's it--that was the complete address it had sent me to which happened to be a parking lot on the side of the highway about one mile from my actual destination.
1	) -While travelling straight East on a major interstate it directed me to take an exit and get on another interstate that travels North-South, although the route lines on the screen stayed correct (travelling East.
1	Touch  screen is not sensitive  enough when you touch icons.
1	The new Garmin GPSes are slick and have nice menu options -- and at first, a seemingly better touch-screen sensitivity.
1	In strong sunlight, the driver can barely make anything out on the screen, but then again, the driver should be looking at the road.
1	The screen size on the unit was way, way, way too small to use the WIFI browser acceptably and it was just barely acceptable for GPS and map usage.
1	The next unit I buy will have a larger screen and no WIFI capability.
1	The trouble is that the touch  screen is not at all responsive .
1	The  screen just went crazy , turned gray and that was it!
1	I told him what happened, and said that I already tried turning it back on with the car charger, electrical outlet charger and still the  screen is gray .
1	Over 30 minutes of warning with decent estimates of miles/minutes delay   Lane assist, very helpful   As one with visual issues, the 5" screen and increased font size were much more readable   Blue tooth worked well, very clear and usable CONS: Popup ads are annoying but not horrible   Too many options/extras (such as voices) must now be purchased.
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW (3/1/11) After several years using (and satisfied with) the Garmin 260W I decided it was time to upgrade to a 5" screen and lifetime map updates.
1	Bottom Line: PROS:   As a longtime user of Garmin I found the user interface easy to use   Directions and routing were good, similar to my experiences with other GPS's   Blue tooth worked well with my cell phone   Large screen and some of the newer sw enhancements were nicely done   I personally like the 3D display better than that of the TomTom 550 CONS:   Deceptive description of mapping capabillities   Annoying popup ads on traffic mode   Support did not appear to know their products well   Website not much help in defining features/capabillities/usage in a meaningful way   Horribly confusing array of product numbers   5" screen is nice but probably not worth extra expense Sadly I am still looking for a good GPS with bluetooth, larger screen, decent maps of N.
1	Also you cant really see on the screen and see the roads coming, its confusing.
1	*  The screen stays on continuously while charging via a computer USB port, which may reduce the life of the back-light (and device stays hot to the touch).
1	It's very compact, and the screen is also very clear.
1	The touch screen works really well, and is responsive.
1	Overall it's very good with a bigger screen, easier to navigate menu, and built-in traffic support.
1	The rest of the Unit is acceptable, features, screen, time to locate a satellite are all OK.
1	The screen could be bigger and the directions to how to use the GPS is  very limited.
1	The touch  screen is not very responsive , often taking multiple times to get a letter to work.
1	I was also disappointed by the slow response of the touch screen.
1	We moved to this GPS from a TomTom, and i have to say, the lack of ability to show POIs on the  Navigation screen is a big negative .
1	The touch  screen is terrible .
1	- the Multi-touch screen is too sensitive to input, the slightest twitch of you finger will send you scrolling through a list instead of choosing the item you tapped.
1	Well, now that I've got a 3750 with a cracked, completely  unusable screen , here are my topline thoughts: Pros: - love the size.
1	The turn-by-turn directions are LOUD and clear Cons: -  glitchy touchscreen .
1	Shouldn't they have designed the 3700 line with a stronger, more durable screen like the nearly unbreakable screen on the iPhone or similar smartphones?
1	3" Portable GPS Navigator with Lifetime Map Updates & Traffic unit has the ANNOYING advertisements running across the top of screen whenever you are using the Lifetime Traffic Updates.
1	I have the TomTom XXL 530TM and TomTom GO730 which came with the Lifetime Traffic Updates but do not have to deal with the annoying advertisement running across the top of screen like that of the Garmin Nuvi 1350LMT 4.
1	It has a 5 Inch large screen with Lifetime Traffic & Lifetime Map Updates.
1	3 inch screen and the GPS mount is sufficient for its size.
1	The first thing you will notice is the screen; sharp, bright and viewable in almost all conditions.
1	It is indeed nice, and did I mentioned the screen?
1	That is even more frustrating,  it generally goes where it wants, it is PAINFULLY slow; and pops up balloon windows "click for more information" which you can not get rid of,  prevent you from seeing the screen  and send you to the further information even when you try to scroll past them.
1	It worked fine for the first twenty days then the  screen went blank  with the exception of a little black dot that said press here.
1	After I got the screen back to normal it said no maps available, as of now I haven't down loaded new maps.
1	I purchased the unit in February and it worked fine until last Sunday, when -- in the middle of a trip -- the  screen suddenly went blank .
1	This GPS works well and performs all tasks with ease, however the touch  screen can be wonky  at times and the volume is VERY low.
1	Another annoyance is that the information on the distance to my next turn isn't always displayed on the screen.
1	If you don't touch the screen on the 3790LMT, you'll get a verbal warning of the upcoming turn about a half mile before the turn.
1	The problem is simple, the LCD  screen broke  while i was camping.
1	I called costomer support when i finally got to talk support they said the LCD  screen is not under warrenty  at all!
1	This garmine nuvi 1490 touch  screen is way to fragile , Seriously i have an older model (nuvi 400) which has sat in my car for years and was a awesome little gps which never failed to work.
1	The nuvi 1490 is a waste of money, please look for another model unless you like getting rip off, the newer models use a cheap thin peice of glass to protect the touch screen and obviously cant even handel mild climate changes in a car.
1	It's easy to use for the most part, but the  touchscreen is pathetic  at best.
1	When I try to scroll along the suggested path, to get a better idea of where I'm heading, the screen simply does not move with my finger, no matter how slow or deliberate I move my finger, the map jumps from place to place and highlights different areas of the map,asking whether I want it to set this as my new destination.
1	I've used other touch screen devices, none of which have been as frustrating as this pos.
1	I have also had this gps shut off on me multiple times in a trip from Boise to Sacramento, I'd say at least four times it just reset itself and started at the main screen.
1	At one point it was still talking as though it was set on a route, but it was at the main screen displaying "Where to" and "Map".
1	It feels more solid and the touchscreen works far better.
1	What I do not like and what may cause me to return it is the ads that pop up, which are annoying to look at and interfere with the overall ease of use by cluttering up what is a  pretty small screen .
1	Would be nice to have both current and next street/road on navigation screen.
1	Also, it would be nice to see name of every street shown on a screen when maximum detail is selected.
1	the main disadvantage in my Garmin 1390 is the touch screen that I have to touch the each letter average 3-4 times to be accepted, plus I MUST enter correct spellingfor city and street, this was too hard , so I returned it for full refund BTW , the Lan assistant picture is fake, I drove in NY metro area and on different highways and never got the picture they r showing for lane assistant Also the traffic feature when enabled in Manhattan , the street found closed for three months and the GPS guided me in circles insisting to go thru the closed street, so the live traffic update is fake as well I bought another Magelan without the traffic support , and I'm really happy with it now.
1	Without this problem, this unit is very good with a big screen and fast capturing of satellite signals.
1	Another minor  problem is the touch screen .
1	The  screen view is choppy  and primitive.
1	The large screen is good (I Velcro it to the lower dash area under the radio and although it doesn't fit there as well as the 5 inch Garmin, it works ok).
1	The  screen gets distorted  and shows black distorted images when hot.
1	I purchased this model for this feature  tired of touch screen  because my fingers are to big and often hit the wrong letter.
1	16) Where Am I  was a useful feature showing Hospital, Police and Fuel  it would be nice to scroll on this screen to find additional information.
1	I bought this Garmin 1450 for ordinary navigating purposes but am irritated to find advertising showing up on the screen constantly.
1	The touch  screen responsiveness is erratic  and updating the device is a hassle.
1	Before I buy this, I already have an older nuvi with a 3 in screen.
1	First, on the screen that asks you for password, the touch  screen sometimes is not very sensitive  so you need to renter your selection.
1	Second, the letters on the keyboard are much smaller than older models (despite having a bigger screen) making it difficult to type.
1	Third, ocasionally it  takes longer to refresh the screen , although this has not yet caused us to miss a turn.
1	Overall Garmin has a toy like feel, entering the letters is hard, the  screen is not very responsive .
1	3) New graphics style- They have managed to make the same information on same size screen (I tried the 765, exact same software as 1490t) looks smaller with new menu button right in the middle of the main navigation route.
1	Basically the 5 inch screen is nice, and compared to 660 ability for multi point routing is good.
1	12) At power up the display does not automatically rivert to map view if you dont do anything, instead the main menu screen which is useless to watch while driving.
1	14) No MP3 or Audio Books or FM transmitter or line out (I can live without so not big for me, line out would have been nice to hook up with your car audio) Improvements 1) Bigger screen, but less glossy 2)No anntenna on the back, beautiful exterior design, looks more sturdy 3) Power attaches to unit not base holder.
1	765 seems to have the same features minus the 5inch screen and $200 cheaper, so may consider that or studying other tom tom too.
1	the touch screen, which you really only use when browsing the map, is wacky.
1	It's even less responsive than my old one, and when you try to move the screen it slides crazily out of control.
1	The screen is smaller but other than that it beats the Garmin in almost every way.
1	First of all I was surprised how sluggish and slow this Garmin was: redrawing map was painfully slow and sometimes it could leave you with nothing on the screen for approximately 5 second before map was re-drawn.
1	On the positive side, the graphics and screen quaily are amazing but the lack of user friendlyness ruins it for me.
1	First, If the sun is shining the  screen is nearly invisible .
1	Driver and passenger cannot see the screen at the same time.
1	Suggestion: If buying ANY GPS insist on taking it outside into the sunshine to see if the screen is visible.
1	It has a good sized screen and all the usual Garmin software features plus traffic updates (which I haven't tried).
1	Very  low screen resolution , pressure activated and non-responsive touch screen, un-intuitive interface.
1	I decided I should get a system with lifetime maps and a wider screen, so the 1300 appeared to be the perfect fit.
1	The touch  screen is terribly slow  and inaccurate causing you to input and re-input the word when trying to type at one third normal speed.
1	Right out of the box, the inconsistent and erratic functioning of the 1450 touch  screen is very frustrating .
1	This makes using this unit, with its big screen and all of its "special features", significantly less of a pleasure than it should be.
1	The Magellan has one only if it turns the entire screen while driving -   if you are going south, then your map is upside down, and you have to mentally figure out to turn left rather   than right because the map is upside down.
1	Then suddenly I got a white screen with a dot that keeps moving around the screen as you push the dot.
1	* Inconsistent way to move back a screen.
1	On some screens you press "Done", on most you press "Menu.
1	then later in the trip, the map  screen started to flicker , then it would only half-fill, then blank.
1	I would be driving along and all of a sudden all by itself this unit would start detecting touches on the screen without anything touching the unit.
1	I called Garmin, and they walked me through a factory reset of the device (touch the bottom right of the screen and power on the device to reload all the software).
1	I pulled off for some much needed gas, which by the way, there is no way to have POIs appear on the screen of the Garmin while the Tom Tom can have POIs appear without taking your eyes from the road and hitting four or five screens.
1	This one has advertizements and cupon offers that pop up in the middle of the screen and it appears that the only way to get them off so that you can see the map fully is to manually change the screen.
1	These Ads block important information on the screen and the frequency in which they are displayed seems to have something to do with the area you are driving in.
1	Also, I found this touch  screen to be very poor .
1	It has a long ways to go to catch up to a smart phone's responsive touch screen.
1	What I liked about the Garmin 1490T was the larger screen.
1	What I don't like about the larger screen is that Garmin did not increase the resolution.
1	It is just an old GPS with a slightly bigger screen.
1	The  creen went black  after this period of time which of course was disappointing.
1	The screen would change to a search screen but the GPS would only be searching a partial address.
1	I own a Garmin Quest, which I dearly love, but the  screen is too tiny  for my eyes, the map capacity is limited, and it does not speak street names.
1	The 1350T is easy to use, the screen is easy to read and address input is great.
1	No lane change advisory ever happened in 16 hours of drive, no overhead signs ever appeared on screen.
1	com/gp/product/B002OL2NT4/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/181-4120740-2705830">TomTom  XXL 540S 5-Inch Widescreen Portable GPS Navigator</a> Found almost the exact same problems as mentioned in Garmin reviews.
1	It does look slick and is comfortable in terms of the touch screen inputs.
1	The software is not lane-aware (or at least the screen layout of road does not differentiates between the lanes) although a screen-shot on the product page and the (same) image on the back of the box gives the impression otherwise.
1	Touch  screen is very insensitive ; you need to press it hard (very hard).
1	I bought it for the large screen, which I really like, however the "speed" readout on the  screen ocasionally stops working .
1	Whats good and not in the 760: -Bigger 5 inch screen -Lifetime Maps and Traffic -Lane Assist -3D map option, map auto zoom set by speed -Eco Route + ability to buy additional module to plug into engine to read engine diagnostic codes.
1	-Too many steps to mute + plus a little check box, mute needs to be a big button on the main screen, unless the fix above makes it unnecessary.
1	My next model will be the glass touchscreen one, my previous touchscreen model got very hard to enter addressed because the  touchscreen was not responsive  in some areas.
1	Overall, I am happy with this unit as it was purchased at a budget price, however, it is not exceptional for reasons noted below: Pros: * Perfect sized screen * Directions are accurate so far * Map and Traffic updates are lifetime - reducing cost of ownership * Built-in traffic is helpful to alert you to upcoming traffic but could be better - my DROID X phone has much better traffic features Cons: * Touch  screen is poorly designed  as its hard to get the thing to do what you want - where as touch phones are more intuitive * Qwerty keyboard function causes you to make many typing errors * CPU is on the slower side - my 4yr old unit was faster * Map update required like 6GB - it failed because my laptop only had 2GB left - its only because I'm in the tech field that I was able to figure this out (after 1 hour of fussing at that).
1	Low Fidelity Maps: Despite having a higher screen size, it DOES NOT have higher resolution than much smaller units.
1	I love that it says the street names, it has a really large screen, search is much more efficient on this version, and lifetime maps and traffic is great as well.
1	This became a huge problem in Minnesota where I was forced to just follow the path on the screen as many of the roadway names were incorrect.
1	However, it arrived with a defect on the display: The screen shows a permanent vertical pink line in the middle of it.
1	They still don't take full advantage of a touch screen.
1	The 'paper' texture of the  screen may be unpleasant  to some if they use a smartphone but it's an anti-smudge design choice.
1	The  screen resolution is way too low .
1	It's nice to have in addition to the iPhone, since it will automatically recalculate the route for you and the screen is bigger, but the iPhone often has better route suggestions.
1	I bought the 1490LMT because of the positive reviews, the price, the screen size and the ability to get Europe maps for it.
1	In addition to sometimes having to repeat myself several times, even in a quiet car with the windows closed (and I do not have a strong accent that would make it difficult for the device to understand me), the voice commands do not have all the functionality of selecting destinations that the touchscreen-driven menu has.
1	Also, the voice command menus do not list distance information when you 'find by address', so in order to get that information, you must use the touchscreen-driven menu.
1	So to Garmin, we said "pass" and ended up paying $150 less for a navigation device (not a marketing device) that offered a larger screen.
1	This compares to my 4-5 yr old Garmin nuvi, but has a bigger screen.
1	The touch screen is made for small fingers and not sensitive to anyone with big hands, girl friend can use it fine but I have to hunt n' peck my way through the buttons.
1	The screen quality is good and so are the features.
1	I have found the screen size to be no problem like some of other reviewers have.
1	Even after the four inch screen I was use to on my old 265T.
1	It does have a bright clear screen and easy to program.
1	"Back" was my only option, which sometimes required that I go back several screens.
1	Spent much too much time trying to figure out why nothing happened when I tapped the eraser in the upper right corner of the screen to correct a typo.
1	Checked the "Help" menu on the device and found the following entry regarding calibrating the screen: "1.
1	Follow the on-screen instructions.
1	Press and hold the top left corner of the touchscreen 3.
1	Continue holding the top left of the screen, after 30 seconds, a small  dot will appear 5.
1	Before discovering how to calibrate the screen, and out of utter frustration, I was very close to calling Amazon and sending the unit back, assuming that it was defective.
1	Since I am in the complaint mode, it is also worth mentioning that getting back to the main screen (depending on where you are) can involve many taps on the screen.
1	It's really big, very clear screen, and picks up the satellites very quickly.
1	My only complaints so far have been that the  screen is not as easy to tap  on like the 350.
1	I frequently bristle when I see one bad review in a sea of rave reviews about a product which was written by some jerk who says the product stinks because he couldn't figure out how to turn it on,  or the  screen was too dim  to see in sunlight (which it was), or some other criticism borne of user stupidity.
1	It was jerky, it zoomed off-screen, and I had to repeatedly zoom out to re-center the map.
1	The screen is great, far better than other low res gps units, the speaker is loud enough to be heard easily and the size and appearance of the unit is excellent.
1	The touch interface on the  screen was very bad .
1	- screen is small , but the graphics are really good, so it works, but I much prefer a larger screen.
1	We like the big screen and the way the information is provided.
1	I need this because I wear distance glasses to drive and have a real problem seeing the smaller GPS screens.
1	However I find that on sunny and hot days the  touchscreen is very 'iffy'  and sometimes inoperable.
1	The other day I had to remove the unit from the dash and let the air conditioner vents blow on the screen until it started working again.
1	b) The touch  screen is moody .
1	Garmin 1450 LM - After having the Garmin 350 (with a 3" screen) for 5-years, I was ready to upgrade to a larger (5") screen.
1	DON'T waste your time with a screen protector from the other sellers because after you spend a lot of time cutting it to fit the screen the touch  screen doesn't work  any more.
1	I bought this for my wife who likes a larger screen because she has macular problems.
1	Overall it's ok, but I think TomTom is more accurate even with bigger screens.
1	At least Garmin lets me change how much data is on the screen, but normal and most seem to be the same and are way, way less than my old gps.
1	It would not make the beep when we would push the on-screen button (as it does when the volume is set to an audible level and/or the mute is off) and would not respond to our selection.
1	My familiarity with the sequence of on-screen commands to adjust the brightness of the display luckily allowed me to adjust the brightness level to a higher level, my spouse was not familiar with the unit and could do nothing because the screen was just grey.
1	The second time I tried to use this GPS the screen went white.
1	The first month it was nothing but headaches;  screen would flicker , map detail will be gone (blank screen), it would reboot constantly.
1	I'm willing to give up all the cool features and nice big touch screen for a little more detail.
1	Then the speaker died which makes the device much less useful since it is  dangerous to try to read a small screen  for directions while navigating through heavy traffic.
1	Did a hard power down, let it rest for an hour, turned it back on and it went into a constant loop of the garmin splash screen, unit never came back to life.
1	My only issue with the device, aside from bricking itself, was the pop-up ad's that appeared on screen.
1	Also, when you turn on the traffic function, the  screen gets spammed  with advertisements for the various restaurants, etc.
1	The  screen is low resolution  and doesn't look very good.
1	The  screen has poor viewability  at oblique angles.
1	pros:big screen, does a fair job of doing basic routes, stores pictures cons:"intelligent" via point optimization is stupid, so is the eco-route feature, it cut out in the middle of my trip a couple times.
1	There is a white horizontal line through the middle of the screen and it is visually disruptive.
1	Unlike other GPs's this one does NOT show you the POI's as you are moving on your destination screen.
1	I LOVE the touch-screen capability.
1	Setting up favorite places and destinations is VERY easy -- n&uuml;vi has several common destinations already in its database - including shopping, lodging, banks, parks, and other points of interest, or you can enter your own (either by address or name) using the onscreen keyboard.
1	The screen display will change from a white-backed map to a dark-backed map as the light level drops, and this minimizes having a glaring bright image on your dashboard at night.
1	From the Garmin website, you can customize your vehicle's on-screen appearance using several different options (including "holiday" images), navigator voices, upload JPG images to customize details, get games (although for the life of me, I don't know WHY you would want games on a GPS unit) and subscribe to traffic updates (the LM means you get free lifetime-map updates, but if you want traffic information, you'll have to subscribe to that feature.
1	30, it flashes the junctions of the highway for  a split second splitting the screen like in the new 2012 before displaying the whole junction like in the 1400's.
1	My guess is that garmin is trying to accomdate the newer 2012 way where it splits the screen and the old 2011 way where junctions are shown in full screen.
1	Can Garmin please fix it so that future map updates are compatible with the 2011 junction view of just showing the full screen view and stop flashing the junction for a split second in half screen mode.
1	When I drive I always go to the screen that displays the route instructions, instead of leaving the screen with the one line instruction above the (useless) map.
1	The fancy, flashy big screen and other bells and whistles can't compare the the older nuvi 360.
1	My guess is that when there are momentary blips in voltage, it senses the charger is unplugged and replugged, it resets itself and usually takes a couple of minutes to go through the Garmin screens to be useful again.
1	Worse is when sometimes it would show a startup screen (showing an icon of it connected to a computer) and it wouldn't restart itself - usually holding the power button down would get it to stop so we could restart it, but several times it just hung.
1	As mentioned previously in reviews I was surprised when I kept getting best western ads on my screen.
1	At first it seemed great; it's very thin with a bright beautiful screen, the 3d mapping is super cool in the city, and the Bluetooth and voice control worked fine.
1	3 screen as the 1350LMT does, so the 1350 is no improvement there, and the old 650 nuvi's screen is much clearer - brighter with better contrast than the 1350 - a major downgrade with the 1350.
1	The GPS part of the unit works fantastic, great screen, very user-friendly and easy to operate.
1	All the bells and whistles of nice touch screen and smooth design are good, but if this does not get you where you want to, what is the use.
1	BUT, because the polarized screen is installed at a perfect 90 degree angle from 99% of all other polarized screens and sunglasses, the  screen is totally black  unless I turn my head sideways.
1	The touch screen was also not very responsive and the entire user experience was pretty miserable.
1	I initially wanted the 3760 for the lifetime traffic, but I've read how unreliable that it is and that you have to deal with advertisements on the screen - nothing is "free", remember.
1	- The touch  screen can be too sensitive  at times.
1	I am thinking that a clear cover on top of the screen would make the touch feature less sensitive even though it would protect the screen.
1	I think that there is a way to turn off the screen when running on internal battery power, it may even be automatic, but my screen never shut off.
1	You cannot see any roads names on map display, what the big screen is for?
1	3" screen is probably the best size for most people and cars.
1	I did notice that the screen icons and menus have changed somewhat between the c340 and the 1390LMT.
1	Similar in many ways but just different enough that if you are familiar with the old layout, the new layout will frustrate you a bit until you un-learn the old way of navigating the menus/screens.
1	One thing that really frustrates me is that  "Spell Name" for a location requires an additional screen touch.
1	I briefly owned a nuvi 1300 about a year ago and due to  terrible touchscreen responsiveness , I returned it.
1	The touchscreen on the 1390LMT is quite responsive and accurate.
1	Screen brightness is good and the screen can be seen pretty well even in bright light although it does wash out a little.
1	The screen also does a pretty good job in the glare department, reducing it to a manageable level.
1	When you click that button on-screen, it shows you your exact latitude and longitude coordinates, the nearest address and intersection, and the closest hospitals, police stations and fuel stations.
1	To be totally fair, I do not own it and was not able to use it while driving, but as far as navigating the menus and using the touchscreen, I spent quite a bit of time with it and in my opinion the Garmin is much easier to operate.
1	The Garmin menu system and touchscreen was simply a better overall experience for me.
1	Although the TomTom has a great looking display and the the 3D look is superb, the operation of the  screen is very sluggish  and the voice prompts are not as helpful as the Garmin.
1	I took a while to get it to a useful screen.
1	We had the older version of this GPS, it worked great until the touch  screen stopped responding  after 5 yrs.
1	I don't like the touch  screen, it is stiff .
1	The screen display has the night mode which is more easy to see at night.
1	My issues: the voice quality on this GPS was poor, the audio cuts off mid sentence when providing directions, the map refresh rate is poor, with frequent freezing between screens, the  touchscreen was not very sensitive  in a specific area on the touchscreen, and the display sometimes spins way off axis when I am on an exit ramp.
1	Pros: user-friendly interface, usually plots the best routes to my destination,text-to-speech, automatic day/night screen change, free map update within 30 days of purchase (generally, Garmin maps are more updated), lifetime traffic, lane assist (a must have when you are in unfamiliar territory), Bluetooth (connected to my env touch with ease and the connection is stable.
1	Supposed to be newer model better features but the touch  screen doesn't respond  very quickly and sometimes not at all around the edges and it takes along time when first turned on to acquire satellites sometimes a couple of miles.
1	Now that -- this time the touch  screen became very insensitive  - it didn't work - sometimes when we touched a number or a character, it didn't respond at all!
1	4) The unit shows which lane to use on freeways, which is useful Disadvantages over the old model: 1) The power cord is much thicker and harder to hide 2) MAJOR DISADVANTAGE - the unit uses an obtrusive 1/8th of its screen for unsolicited advertising that Garmin call 'Offers'.
1	The 1390 would cut out and go to a black screen a lot in Louisiana and some spots in Texas.
1	I used it for just a few times and the  screen stop working .
1	It takes more than 5 minutes to start if it starts at all or just gets  jammed on the splash screen .
1	REALLLLLLY love that feature -nice that you can have the map landscape or up and down, like a cell phone Cons: -The front  screen is reflective  and super finger print prone -Glass looks like it ll scratch really easy.
1	just doesnt look and feel like it ll stand up to the time -it takes alot of pressure to push on buttons on the screen or slide (compared to a cell) -i leave my house and it takes between 30-48 minutes for traffic to populate.
1	if you use your google maps traffic on your phone traffic appears on the same screen on your route map.
1	you have to go to a different screen - VERY IMPORTANT ***** the draw rate on this is AWFUL!
1	It just shows one little icon on the screen with the total traffic delay on the route but doesn't show when the delay will start (if you go into the traffic interface with two clicks you can navigate to such a screen, but this is very important information for a driver to have to make a decision if they want to exit).
1	Pros: Large screen, detailed lane choice.
1	In Tom-tom- sound signal and small flashing object on the screen.
1	) and you get a warning with "OK" that must be pressed on the screen.
1	You are left without any help, not to mention how dangerous can it be to be forced to press the screen while driving.
1	The + and - zoom buttons work as good as pinching the screen (apple).
1	One last gripe: there is no Home button to return you to the main screen.
1	If you are into the system hunting destinations or changing settings you may have to back up 6 or more steps to get back to the main screen.
1	I miss the touch screen from older model it was much better.
1	TomTom lets me show time needed to destination, miles left, arrival time, direction of travel all on the same screen.
1	It really doesn't take much space and TomTom One screen is smaller than the nuvi-1300.
1	User sees no road on the screen for a few seconds then roads show up again, can be pretty scary at times.
1	I like the features and screen size, wish the lane change screen displayed a little longer than it does.
1	Now I have a lines across the top of the screen, it is not displaying speed correctly and it won't update maps, so I have to return it for for a replacement and pay for shipping back to garmin, not happy about that!
1	(It is not recommended to have a checkmark next to Highways or Toll Roads) Touch OK For the touchscreen, please use light and quick taps rather than long or hard presses.
1	The touch  screen is sensitive sometimes  and other times you have to hit it several times for it to respond.
1	Less than 3 months later, four horizontal white dotted lines and one vertical teal line now appear on the screen anytime the unit is on.
1	The  screen was too small  for my taste (even at 3.
1	A few days later, the map disappeared from the screen.
1	I ordered this device because I liked the larger screen size and the bluetooth feature.
1	I like the bigger and wider screen, and some of the improvements including lane options displayed visually to make sure you're driving on the correct lane when exiting or merging onto highway traffic.
1	As for adjusting the volume, I don't like that I have to go through more than 2 screens to do this on the Garmin.
1	It shows "calculating" at the top of the screen but voices it as well (more than once sometimes), whereas the Magellan just shows it at the top of the screen but remains silent (which I like better).
1	On the Garmin, if you touch ETA then you have another screen where you must select what other information you'd rather see.
1	One other thing, when I'm taking freeways/tollways and the Garmin tells me to exit, it shows at the top of the screen the name of the exit but the voice just says the name of the freeway I'm on.
1	I much prefer to hear the correct exit name so I don't have to check the screen and read it.
1	It gives you all the usual stuff that you would expect from a new, big screen Navigation system.
1	The touch  screen is nowhere near as good  as the cheap Mio GPS that I bought 3 years ago.
1	For the price it has many nice features when it works, like lane assist, eco-tour, easy to view screen, easy to hear, easy to adjust settings, easy to find, enter & navigate to destinations.
1	Whats the use in having a 5inch screen when you have ads.
1	The Garmin is worse than the Droid in the following ways: 1)  The Garmin's touch  screen is much less intuitive /friendly 2)  The Droid allows voice commands, so you don't have to type in an address.
1	To get the good things out of the way: (And why I even gave it two stars)  - A nice, crisp screen  - Small and sleek, easily mistaken for a smartphone  - The detour function works well  - Mostly routed routes correctly, albeit rather slowly.
1	It also, without warning, presses random locations on the  screen causing a variety of different outcomes .
1	Beyond that, the menus and search features are unintuitive and poorly implemented, the touch  screen is of embarrassing quality , often leading to tyyyyppppinngn like thhhhiss and the traffic monitoring suite is so inaccurate that it may as well just flash a green/yellow/red icon at random.
1	If you do buy one, use the screen as you will most likely get lost following the voice prompts.
1	Then I end up missing my turn because I have to fumble around with the stupid thing (while trying to drive) in order to get my map back up on screen.
1	I think that this is a potentially great product but a common problem that Garmin has is  problems with their touch screen .
1	In the process of searching for possible fixes for this issue, you see that a large number of Garmin devices have touch  screen problems .
1	As a point of reference, it is possible to create products that have reliable touchscreens and I would pay a premium to get one that would continue to function.
1	The touch screen controls were  not nearly as responsive as my touch screen  phone and I really had to enter the address slowly and carefully for the unit to respond.
1	PROS -Great price -Nice big, easy to see screen -Includes all necessary accessories -Voice guidance is plenty loud CONS -Slow to acquire GPS location -Recalculating route takes too long -Voice guidance sounds raspy -Some quirkiness in route selection (it did get me to where I was going though).
1	My first impression was that it was thinner than my iphone, bright clear screen, and over all impressive looking.
1	It constantly froze,  screen turned black  but I could still hear the voice prompts.
1	It simply give you a little box on the top left of the screen with the color above.
1	Again, by the time you get that red box on the screen, it's too late to do anything about it.
1	Touch  screen is erratic  at best and does not respond to the same pressure and finger swiping from one try to the next - just the type of thing you don't need to deal with while you are driving.
1	The main positive feature of this unit is the screen size.
1	" If you want a big screen navigation unit, this is currently your best choice (though I suspect Navigon will soon have an app for the iPad).
1	I can say my previous Garmin that was stolen had some very serious problems with locking, long satellite access times and a horribly difficult to use screen keyboard, so I am going to be really, really careful what I buy this time.
1	I found it worked best if I touched the screen only with a hard object - like a pen.
1	It has a great screen, is easy to use & it is fun to choose the look of your own vehicle.
1	Believe or not, if you mess around the Garmin's other functions while you in the Destination-Set routing mode, the  screen will sometimes "FREEZE"  and you have no way of "RE-BOOTING" for you to get back on your destination route.
1	After about 2 hours the  screen would repeatedly show  the Garmin logo, then give a bright flash, then go black ).
1	2)Lane assist never shows carpool lanes as one of available lanes (carpool lanes unchecked under avoidances) 3)Map is  gone on the screen  for a second between steps when car charger is connected (i.
1	Here are the issues: - When I was in the middle of the vacation the  screen went white  and would not function again.
1	If you then power off while still plugged into electrical outlet, then you will get a message on screen if battery is charging or if it is fully charged.
1	I was looking forward to a newer unit with a larger screen, and with the lifetime updates, thought it would be pretty good.
1	The big clear diagram of where you are supposed to turn disappears as it shrinks to half size, and a photo of the intersection appears on the other half of the split screen.
1	They changed the screen layout so that the little numbers showing your speed are right next to the posted speed limit.
1	What this means is that if you touch your choice at a slight angle, as often happens, your choice scrolls off screen without activating.
1	Although the scrolling feature is very sensitive, the touch  screen often fails to sense  direct finger pressure when you make a choice.
1	The old touch screen was better.
1	Touch  screen was very difficult to use .
1	The 5" screen didn't seem like a big upgrade on paper, but in use it is a LOT bigger than the 4.
1	Our new Garmin GPS shows us on non-existant roads on the screen and MANY speed limits on the GPS are not correct.
1	Terrible touchscreen, errors about 20% of the time which when you have to type 8-15 characters for even the simplest address is mindboggling.
1	After searching for an hour or so around Garmin and the internet I found out this  frozen screen  means it's dead (no real manual included with product).
1	coming from previous models, this one is a bit buggy, it seems like the UI was poorly designed, and there are a couple annoyances: Good: - Unit is accurate - Screen is great (tho the touch screen could be better, it's acceptable for the cost) Bad: - "Traffic Included" costs extra (they sell with or without traffic, for about $40 more depending on where you buy.
1	What I wanted was a larger screen, thinner profile and hopefully better overall performance.
1	And of course the wide screen and overall screen display is a nice upgrade from what I was accustomed to.
1	Unfortunately the Nuvi 1300 also has its share of annoyances the most bothersome is the operation of the touchscreen.
1	If the screen was bigger and more volume the item would be a winner.
1	While I like the large screen and visual ease of this unit, I take exception with the directions I receive from the "Garmin Lady.
1	On the plus side, it has a large, bright easy to see screen and does warn you of traffic problems ahead.
1	You should be able to easily select a route in the database and see the names of the origin, destination, and all waypoints on a scrollable screen.
1	" button the next screen shows icons for various types of destinations.
1	" you must first select the "Near" button at the bottom of the next screen and type in or select what your destination is near.
1	The good: The unit is well designed,light, slim, and sports a gorgeous glass screen.
1	The screen itself is clear, bright and wonderful to look at.
1	- The  touchscreen responsiveness is terrible .
1	If you're used to interacting with an iPhone or Android device, you're probably used to the screen registering touches without any effort.
1	You'll often  have to press hard on the screen  like you're pressing a physical button to register the touches.
1	This can be downright dangerous when trying to answer a handsfree call by touching the screen while driving and having to focus and press hard so the screen registers the touch.
1	However, my mind changed today when the  screen went black  and the device ceased to work.
1	Worked great until the 4th week when it bricked and would not run anything other than the screen calibration.
1	3" screen (5" seemed to big), lifetime maps (after being appalled to learn that Garmin wanted $40 for a single map update for an older unit), optional traffic, spoken street names, speed limit display, multi-point routing, and lane assist.
1	I wish Garmin will give comsumer more control of what to show at screen, and also allow cusumer to download and choose display of other models.
1	I want to try the new NUVI 50 model display where I can see the split screen with static junction view.
1	And I wish LIKE CRAZY for larger screens.
1	I can't say enough about the new thin screens and their nice connection to the ball connector on the bean bag.
1	I would like to rate this unit higher, but I still keep going back to my old Garmin 7200 (beloved HUGE screen), which is falling apart, but still so much easier to use.
1	This unit is just kind of a backup, even though the mounting, screen and many other things are nicer.
1	The biggest problem we have experienced is the view on the screen keeps changing from a good driving map.
1	The  screen keeps going outward  making it unable to use the thing in heavy traffic when you need it the most.
1	Another issue is that if you touch the screen to zoom-in you are given a screen to select a local location and it is nearly impossible no to select this even when you do not want to select the local featured item.
1	In fact we use the smaller screened older Garmin more often than this new one.
1	Good features and nice screen too bad it does not work as well as it should.
1	Touch  screen is not so responsible .
1	We love the large screen, it's easy to use and see for driver and passengers.
1	It has a nice screen, worked for a few time and less than 60 days after purchase froze up and I can't get it to work.
1	It hangs just when you need it, and map  screen goes blank  for a few seconds.
1	(Note: although the startup screen in this device warns against using it while driving, it would be useless when approaching busy intersections while driving given the other faults mentioned below due to which it calculates wrong routes at the beginning of the drive, making it essential for me to set different routes while driving).
1	Pros: 1) Wide screen - it helps to avoid any significant distraction for your eyes in order to stay attentive on the roadway.
1	Touch  screen to sensitive  for me, hard to scroll without activating something.
1	Great job garmin, I just spent $250 on a GPS that wont even let me get pass the opening screen.
1	The device's  on-screen help is useless .
1	Zooming and moving around on the map is rather painful due to the somewhat  unsensative touch screen , although this is meant to avoid inadvertent input when using gloved fingers.
1	Pros: The wide screen is a great improvement over the smaller screen I was used to on the 360.
1	The color is much more vivid and the screen is much brighter.
1	When traffic information is being received, a traffic icon shows up in the upper left of the screen.
1	It was pretty easy to enter info and find destination, screen was of ample size and very clear.
1	Once those stupid ads popped up, they wouldn't clear from the screen so I could continue navigating (the  screen would freeze ).
1	I love the screen, size, and features, but there are 2 major problems.
1	The unit is very compact but the relatively smallish screen is very clear and crisp, very easy to read while driving.
1	The screen's responsiveness is good IMHO.
1	As said in some other reviews the volume is not too great but that is not a real issue to me, as I'm more keen on looking at the screen than listening to what it's telling me.
1	3 inch screen Garmin 1390LMT against the 5 inch TomTom 1530TM because they're about the same price and have lifetime map and traffic updates.
1	3 inch screen is kind of small when using the keyboard so I sometimes press the wrong letter.
1	- computer is kind of slow because when I use the keyboard, the letters are not appearing on the screen as fast as I type.
1	the 5" screen was easy to read.
1	I found myself referring to the little speed limit sign on the map screen more than I expected.
1	The QWERTY keyboard screen had an intermittent dead spot in the vicinity of the "N" and "M" where, sometimes, no amount of touching/pressing/mashing would get a response.
1	One of my biggest complaints during my de facto trial period was that you could not pan/scroll the map screen.
1	I've read of other Garmin touch  screen issues  (gpsreview.
1	I love the size of this GPS, I almost got the 1490t, but read some reviews and determined that I really didn't need the screen that big.
1	The screen size is fine, but trying to pick a destination was a exercise in patience.
1	They have enlarged the screen and REMOVED necessary details such as road names from the map even when it's set to the maps MOST DETAIL setting.
1	This product is more than U$350, but the quality is really poor, when you touch the back of this product, you can hear a little sound, this product is very bad finished, the touchscreen is not work well, many time I touched the screen, the  screen is not response , and the Garmin.
1	But after driving for a few minutes the  screen on the unit stopped working .
1	It was, at first, simply frozen and then, after a few minutes, turned completely white displaying no roads or anything else on the screen.
1	The voice system continued to give directions but they were virtually useless without the screen to look at.
1	This time my little car on the screen laid down a purple trail as I drive along on the orange highway.
1	It is easy to program and the onscreen menus are convenient.
1	It is thin and reasonably light and portable and the screen is big.
1	It began by getting a "fuzzy" screen and then it went black.
1	However, as GPS screens increase in size, it's annoying that Garmin hasn't made better use of them.
1	The Garbin designers can't seem to find enough to room on the screen to tell you what street you're on (the question does arise sometimes) and the default map screen provides only two pieces of information at a time, one of which is always speed, one of the less-useful pieces of information.
1	There's an option to turn on more information, but that screen has the look of something Garmin hobbled together when too many people complained.
1	Turning the extra information on or off requires leaving the map screen and going into the settings -- not recommended while driving.
1	and It has  bad screen line .
1	Since I started using it, it is becoming more and more difficult to enter "spelling" on the touch screen.
1	Some areas of the screen seem to respond to touch easily but for most areas of the screen, I have to repeatedly press on a letter, with a lot of force, to get it accepted.
1	I've used touch screens on high-end automobiles (Lexus and Mercedes), and tablets like the Galaxy and the Ipad.
1	Second, the GPS  screen is horrible .
1	It feels cheap when you attempt to finger the touch screen.
1	The refresh / paint rate is horribly slow, and the  screen doesn't respond  if its repainting.
1	The  screen is also horribly insensitive , so you have to make deliberate attempts to touch things The interface is not easy to use, and despite having a five inch screen, the ability to display maps is extremely limited.
1	This means you're constantly zooming in and out to see things, which then burdens you with that  horrible screen paint delay .
1	Traffic updates are worthless on account of the ads that obscure the already too small screen.
1	When I lifted my finger off the screen, the map would zoom off in a random direction, so that the field of interest wasn't on the screen any longer.
1	Over time, the  screen became less sensitive  to entering data to record a favorite location.
1	As another reviewer pointed out going from a 4" screen to a 5" screen makes a really big difference.
1	Build quality seems good, but the shiny black plastic around the edge of the  screen collects fingerprints easily , if you care about that kind of thing.
1	with 1 minor and 1 MAJOR annoyance: Minor: I can't seem to figure out how to get my current speed to not display on the screen.
1	On the homepage every time you turn it on, there is an "offer bar" that displays coupons for nearby businesses across the top of the screen, slightly blocking the "Where to?
1	First, the  touchscreen required hard pressure  to push the on-screen buttons.
1	But if you watch closely for a while (not a good idea while driving), you'll notice that its not updating the screen.
1	the only thing on the screen is Garmin.
1	Buyers should be aware that the "lifetime subscription to Navtraffic" is actually an FM (as in FM radio) ad based service that pops ads onto your screen based on your location.
1	You have to touch the screen to get rid of the ad.
1	After few hours of use black screen appeared.
1	You cannot pan and zoom using voice and you can't switch to the "data" screen from the map (but you can go the other way).
1	It turned off automatically, while I am driving and also  screen goes white  some time for couple second and than map come back again.
1	About 10% of the left hand side of the screen is now black and the  screen locks-up  in hot weather.
1	This GPS has good size of the screen.
1	However, on a longer trip (80 miles each way) the Garmin proved to be so inept at routing, flexibility of operation, choice and quantity of screen display items that we returned it and bought (nervously) a second XXL to use as a back up.
1	The 2nd problem which many reviewers didn't address was the  crappy touchscreen .
1	Do any of you touch the screen and zoom out to look for "alternate routes" or where you are overall in "map format"?
1	Well - when I touched the screen -it didn't respond right and it kept marking the screen where I touched and asked "go to this new destination?
1	When you use the keyboard to spell a location or enter an address, there is a 1-3 second delay from when you press a key to when the letter shows up on the screen.
1	In spite of a bigger screen this model has no tenths readouts making it crippled in use for walking and biking.
1	Pros Nice screen (very nice) excellent voice quality feels nicely built and is quite heavy 4 free updates per year over speed limit warning Cons POP UP ADS!
1	To turn it off, you have to still select OFF or CANCEL from the ons-screen menu.
1	For those of you who are more worried about getting on with your day than about accidentally holding down the switch for several seconds, it is a complete annoyance, made far worse by the fact that if you slip at all while you are squeezing this button hard, the  screen will shut off , but the unit is not off.
1	To turn it back on, you have to press the button, then tap the on-screen lock twice to return the unit to operation before you can start the shut-down sequence again.
1	Pros: Big screen, loud adjustable voice, easy to use, cool features like Point Of Interest and language options, readable color coding for directions Cons: Touch  screen is slow to respond  or doesn't respond at all at times I'm sad I had to return this product because I loved the pros, but the ONE con was enough to annoy me to the point of returning it.
1	The  screen is not sensitive  for touching, so I have to touch hard and repeat to touch some times.
1	On the particular Garmin nuvi 1390LMT I purchased the  sensitivity of the touchscreen for data entry was unacceptable , it required way too much pressure on some letters and numbers.
1	Touch  screen is not very sensitive  - requires a hard push along with extact placement or does not register the touch.
1	Blocks about 10% of the screen - no instructions in manual, or set-up munu to toggle off the annoying ads - ad stays on screen until you leave the vicinity of the business - very distracting.
1	This Garmin has some nice features and the screen is decent for the price.
1	But the worst part was that several times each trip, either the  screen would freeze up  on me, or the unit would reboot itself again and again.
1	has a bigger, easier-to-see screen 2.
1	The other main disappointment with the 1450LMT is that the touch  screen is a little numb , and I frequently have to hit the screen two or three times with my finger to select something.
1	The 680 had a much more sensitive touch screen.
1	If you connect the unit to the car charger, the  screen goes blank  and essentially the system reboots itself.
1	Other screens don't compare to the clarity.
1	I typed in my hotel addresses and it located most except the ones in smaller towns, however, I just have to tap the screen where I think the hotel is located and a text bubble comes up saying "Road", I save that location and rename it with the hotel name.
1	I have seen other gps screens and my biggest beef is that the map looks confusing.
1	The screen has vibrantly crisp colors to distinguish screen/map features (but the older one does, too) and the GPS keeps up very well.
1	Some of the things i liked about the unit were: The screen size,good graphics,easy to see.
1	You try to get back to the startup screen and the back arrow will not work.
1	Positives: The large screen is really nice.
1	I just bought this because of the great price, 5" screen, lifetime map updates and maps of the US and Canada.
1	Touch  screen moves around on its own .
1	Strike 6 - When viewing the full set of data, the map screen is half size.
1	I have a need for something that gives clear-voiced, efficient directions, and provides a readable screen in sunlight.
1	The touch  screen was not sufficiently sensitive .
1	Huge screen, lots of info displayed such as speed, speed limit, ETA, etc.
1	A small popup occasionally appears, usually 1 or 2 lines, and takes up very little of the screen.
1	In the beginning it was fun discovering all the features, and we really enjoyed the traffic feature and large screen.
1	The Nuvi1450LM has a nice bright screen with much less detail than our 2460.
1	The process has a few places where things could go wrong, so follow the on-screen instructions carefully, and check the power settings on your computer to be sure it doesn't enter sleep or hibernation mode.
1	Everything works as advertised except the lock screen function.
1	Too much information on the screen is the biggie.
1	It worked well for not quite 30 days and then the  screen went crazy  and the product simply died.
1	ALSO -- I don't like that the lower right corner of the screen is hard-wired for your travel speed and the speed limit.
1	My old Garmin 550 unit is worn out, has many  blemishes on the screen , so I decided to go with a new unit.
1	The touch screen is user-friendly and sensitive.
1	First of all the  screen is not bright  enough.
1	So during the day it is difficult to see something on the screen.
1	This is an excellent GPS unit, but when looking at all the options you have out in the marketplace in the similar 5 inch screen size, just factor in that Tomtom provides the traffic camera coverage free; but for this GPS you have to sell out ~$30 per year.
1	In addition, the text size on the GPS  screen is too large  and cannot be reduced, in my view hides a lot of the map I want the 5 inch GPS to show.
1	I think a lot is very subjective - my first GPS was a TomTom and I liked it but wanted a bigger screen and this Garmin was priced right and had lifetime map and traffic updates.
1	The onscreen advertising is a real nuisance and only serves to make me not want to purchase anything they are advertising.
1	The 5 inch screen is nice but no big deal compared to the 3.
1	* The screen is very bright, vibrant, and easy to see in any light.
1	* When in 2D mode (after clicking anywhere on the map in the 3D view), if your car drives off the screen, it does not re-center or otherwise attempt to scroll the map back to where your car is.
1	However, a major problem with the 1490t is that too often, this "starting point" (origin end of the purple line) is set behind you, or off to the side, often barely even on the screen.
1	If you're lucky, you might see a portion of the purple line somewhere on the screen, which you can drive to and it will then pick up routing from there.
1	Also, sometimes going down the road, using the Garmin, it will suddenly switch to some other screen, even though I haven't touched it, and there wasn't a bump in the road.
1	The  screen was locked  and I was not able to operate the unit.
1	Comparing to my $100 3 year old Navigon, the big screen and bluetooth are definitely plus and works well.
1	I am returning my 2360 because it's essentially IMPOSSIBLE to read the screen while driving in bright sunlight.
1	The suction mount has been changed and the screen brightness (even at MAX brightness) and contrast are much poorer than my 680.
1	The 2360 power cord interferes with the new mount so that the screen cannot be pointed true up/down (i.
1	If not for the poor screen brightness I'd take them up on this, but even the mount can't make the screen readable in bright sun though my 680 (positioned right alongside for comparison) was easy to read.
1	The screen was a little smaller vertically, but larger horizontally, and the screen itself looked sharp, although the text was a little smaller, and thus a little harder to read while driving.
1	The  screen went blank , couldn't reset the unit.
1	The two serious concerns I have deal with the screen brightness at night and the black suction cup that is used for mounting.
1	Even on the lowest power setting the  screen is too bright  at night.
1	The only solution I have found is to purchase a heavy tinted film from a car window tinting business, customize it to your screen, and put it on at night and take it off during the day.
1	While this may not seem like a big deal the light from the  screen reduces your ability to see  at night (dilates the pupils) and also draws unwanted attention to your vehicle.
1	It has a wider screen the is easier to read during the daytime.
1	The web browser is too slow and  screen size makes it almost useless .
1	The unit takes a long, long time to acquire a satellite signal; prior to trying to find a satellite it takes a long time to actually boot; the units touchscreen requires a hammer-like touch to register; the unit frequently takes us on unnecessary and inexplicable diversions - for example when travelling from A to B on a straight road with no discernible traffic, it will direct us to turn right for a mile, then left, left again, and back onto the straight road we were on in the first place (perhaps it is sponsored by an Oil company?
1	When the installer began to pull the update file from Garmin, it threw up an  error screen  that states (roughly), "Your computer doesn't have 7GB of free space.
1	Switch to another screen to read more about this fabulous deal.
1	These Ads appear on the screen every few minutes in metro areas, blocking the map display, and there is no way to get rid of them.
1	The screen is gorgeous but not worth the trouble, especially at this price.
1	Disappointed that 1/3 of screen taken by buttons making total view less than my other 4.
1	The slow response time, tendency of the screen to freeze and poor accuracy make it easy to drive right past your turn and trigger the all too familiar "Recalculating".
1	The GPS would also tell me to turn left when the screen would show a right turn.
1	It is really a shame that such a great looking GPS with a fantastic  screen just does not work very well  at getting you there.
1	It does not look as great and I really hate the crummy window mount and the way the cable attaches to the GPS but the 5 inch screen is nice.
1	The screen has a lot more detail to it than the Garmin.
1	3" screen and its search capabilities for street addresses is very quick.
1	* There seems to be a  little delay with the touch screen  after an entry.
1	* Routing is accurate overall (same as other Garmins) * Good build quality (metallic body) * Great windshield mount design with built-in speaker and power port (Garmin always wins in this area) * The Touch screen is more responsive than my old 765T but still flimsy at times.
1	Dec 23, 2012 9:05:48 PM edu.stanford.nlp.process.PTBLexer next.
1	WARNING: Untokenizable:  (char in decimal: 175).
1	Dec 23, 2012 9:05:48 PM edu.stanford.nlp.process.PTBLexer next.
1	WARNING: Untokenizable:  (char in decimal: 175).
1	Unfortunately, the touch screen of the nuv 650 quit working after less than 3 years of use.
1	Apparently the touch  screen of this model unit has had problems  with premature failure, so I guess we were lucky to get almost 3 years of use out of it.
1	The 3790 has a bright screen, with higher resolution than the previous units.
1	But when we received it, my wife didn't like the screen as much as the prior 650 model.
1	Another thing, if you are trying to slide the map across the screen, just forget about it, it will drive you crazy, just don't even try.
1	Pros: Large Screen Easy input of addresses Connectivity for upgrading system and maps Fairly quick download times (30 minutes for both the firmware and map) Cons: Touch  screen is buggy  Glare on the LCD Clunky interface Poor routing capability Inaccurate listing of some addresses.
1	It was okay for about a week and then there were problems with it staying on a certain screen where I'd have to restart it.
1	) The 1490T has a wide 5 inch screen.
1	I thought this was a good unit until while on a trip from South FL to New Orleans it began freezing up once an hour or so, that is, not updating the screen or giving voice commands.
1	I could not trust the unit and had to keep watching it to make sure it was still updating the screen.
1	The replacement hasn't yet been battle tested, but it exhibits the same disagreeable issues as the first unit except the sporadic resetting -- namely,  horrible touchscreen  performance, useless and unreliable traffic and speed limit information.
1	WHAT I LIKE: - Great screen display, both size and brightness.
1	I had thought about getting a 5" screen display offered by a newer nuvi model, but it turns out that this 4.
1	WHAT I **HATE** - The  touchscreen is awful , just awful.
1	The  touchscreen performance is terrible  (and, yes, I did do a screen calibration on both nuvi 1350s I had).
1	It's frustrating and maddening to use this nuvi's screen, the worst feature of the whole device.
1	And Garmin's hardware design makes using the  touchscreen a miserable experience .
1	Then the "turn lanes display" in the upper left corner of the screen did not match the map display, but caught up now and then.
1	Also - Tom Tom has a better lane guidance screen.
1	It has a big and bright screen which is good.
1	Last month my old unit began to die, intermittently hanging on the logon screens and refusing to boot.
1	Same problems, AND, the traffic  screens did not display properly .
1	3-Inch Widescreen Portable GPS Navigator does not work in the USA its made for CANADA, i got lost with it in the US it has a minimal knowledge of us streets and the icon that shows where you are is totally off.
1	This Garmin has a larger screen but it retains the low resolution found on the small units.
1	What this means is that the  screen cannot show any more information  than the smaller units.
1	The only advantage to the larger screen is that everything is larger and easier to read.
1	My favorite new features over iPhone and my old GPS: + Big screen + Speed limit on screen (cool - my favorite new feature by far) + Also, a hyper-accurate speedometer built in (I think it's better than the one in my car) + Excellent satellite pick up and reception Disappointments: - Although many turns are spot on, the unit has been off as much as 0.
1	- No backspace/key repeat or swipe capability, so this means extra effort pounding on the screen to respond - Too many screens - which can't be customized - please allow me to rearrange the icons (you can even do this on iPhone) - Bogus traffic alerts - good idea but only 1 for 7 in 3 trips I took - Optimistic arrival time (for every hour of travel add 4-5 minutes, more for longer drives) - Lacks innovation (see design suggestion section) - No case, although in fairness iPhone will make you overspend for one too - Slow update of maps (1/2 hour at least!
1	After doing a bit more homework I discovered that I could get a GPS with a larger screen and more GPS features (instead of pointless bells and whistles) for about the same price as I paid for the 295W, so I am going to return it to Amazon.
1	I would suggest to anyone in the market for a GPS to pass up the Garmin 295W for something with a bigger screen and more robust GPS features.
1	So the driver has to watch the TomTom's screen to ensure he or she is making the proper turn.
1	I purchased this particular model because I wanted the larger screen.
1	The touch  screen keyboard isn't accurate .
1	- Multi-touch screen functionality is nice - Beauty of a screen.
1	Many of the letters on the  touchscreen did not work properly .
1	Many software type glitches; unit repeated would say "recalculating"-- had to shut it off; also often times, an  errorneous screen  would pop up.
1	Most frustrating characteristics: poor satellite reception, poor positioning accuracy, slow satellite lock, incorrect routing, unstable and slow browser, frequent system lockup, low speaker volume, poor camera quality, shorter than advertised battery life, no competent tech support, no software support, slow startup, route turn-by-turn directions screen missing, and very  poor screen contrast  in daylight.
1	The best features: tri-axial magnetic compass, sharp screen, Google local search (to augment the out-of-date Garmin POIs), easy WiFi setup, compact size.
1	Our first one like this broke but we really liked the features and the bigger screen so we are going to try again and hope for better luck.
1	Couple of times I traveled extra mile before I realized that the GPS screen stuck.
1	The touch screen and the user interface are good.
1	Why I purchased this GPS is because I wanted a bigger screen with good graphics and lane assist, but it is not worth it.
1	Because they allow more info to be put on the screen without robbing you of valuable map space as does this Garmin unit.
1	Some times it does not display names of several street on the screen and only display major street name that is many blocks away, even in "more detail" setting.
1	I know it's not because it ran out of screen resolution since this is one of the highest screen resolution product in the market, and when I press the navigation screen to enter the top down view where I can touch the screen to enter the point where I want to navigate to, it then displays the street names in tiny characters.
1	There is no onscreen instruction.
1	Some times it wants to jump to another screen menu at the slightest accidental touch of the screen, but it ignores my deliberate touch on the screen when I want to go to a different menu.
1	The standard map layout data screen is even LESS customizable than the Nuvi 705.
1	The touch  screen is not responsive  as it should be, and while you shouldn't be making changes while you are driving, we do.
1	It looks kool has a well made feel, the screens are bright and graphics outstanding.
1	) I also appreciate the lower profile of the 295W--while it sports the same diagonal screen measurement as the 200, it's wider, so it doesn't sit as high as the 200 when parked on the dash.
1	I like the bigger screen and I like the traffic reports but beware it's not always accurate.
1	4 model (1350LMT) when I traded it for this model for the bigger screen nor had the opportunity to compare it to 2012 models.
1	I was shocked after paying premium price for this item and it has pop up adds that cover a significant amount of the screen-and you can't shut them off if you use the traffic function-which is why I bought the device.
1	It is really unsafe to have it pop up-Best Western add-you can't get rid of it and they told me it stays on your product unless you are going over 30 mph-which means when you need a clear screen most in traffic, then you have a popup blocking some of your sceen-I am returning mine-it is horrible.
1	The number button on the bottom of the  screen was unfunctional  and blacked out although I could read the 123 on the button.
1	If I went to another screen for entering names, the ABC keybord worked fine and the number button was active too.
1	In general, both devices work well and the screen on the 1370T is an improvement over the 370.
1	The 5" display is nice, and being able to move the map by swiping the screen with your fingers is a nice improvement over the old unit.
1	3-Inch Widescreen Portable GPS Navigator with Lifetime Traffic & Map Updates</a>updated list of area amenities and one wonders why Garmin has not done so after more than a year.
1	Best feature is the large view screen and the road junction preview feature.
1	) The Nuvi 1300 did not work correctly from day one: - Whole sections of the  screen did not work  - try to type in an address and half the screen would not respond.
1	- Once you got an address in place and told the 1300 to route you, the screen would indicate you were in the same place.
1	I have had Nuvi 1300 less than 3 months and now it gives me a  blank screen  when it trys to render directions.
1	I liked the lane assist, the traffic function, and the wide screen.
1	The  touchscreen wasn't as fast  to respond to typing in an address as my apple I-phone but it was functional.
1	I returned it for another nuvi 1490 and on Thursday as I was driving around downtown Los Angles the screen turned off.
1	The first two were refurbished, and the  screen would black out  in 5-10 seconds after startup.
1	Pros: - 5" screen gives considerably more real estate than smaller models Cons: - The  screen real estate is not optimally used  - Touchscreen panning is clunky, pinch zoom in/out gestures would be helpful - Slow to acquire and the POI lookup is painfully slow, looks like it is not indexed properly by location.
1	touch  screen does not work  as well as previous units.
1	Garmin Nuvi 1450 is a no frills portable GPS receiver with a 5 inch screen.
1	The screen size of 5 inch makes the map easy to see and read.
1	The wide 5'' screen is a plus, and the directions are easy to follow.
1	You actually have to  press the touch screen with more pressure  then I anticipated.
1	I could turn it off by holding the power button down, but it came back on to the same screen (It wouldn't STAY off, either) , even though it WAS plugged into my computer.
1	No tiny hole to poke something into, or anything, and holding down the power switch just restarted it back to the same screen.
1	It looks amazing, the screen is great but it fails to do what it is meant to.
1	My only really true complaint is that when I have the unit charging in my car the  screen does not stay lit .
1	The new magellan 32xx series have a very bright screen much better than garmin's.
1	Its got a large screen which is a huge plus.
1	The screen is the only thing going for it.
1	Got it out and plugged it in the next morning and the screen flashed white then the Garmin name appeared - that is where it sits today.
1	Nothing works - it comes on and flashes a white screen and then the word "garmin" on the screen and it sits there.
1	Very nice wide screen display - much nicer than my old Garmin Speed limit indicator - this is helpful when you turn onto a street and you don't know the speed limit Free map and traffic updates - I have to pay extra for these features on my unit, which would end up costing more than a new 1390 over a period of two years.
1	Now for the bad Sound quality is nowhere near as nice as the Garmin StreetPilot c580 Ad supported traffic is very annoying, especially when an ad appears somewhere on the screen that you need to see Touching an ad will lock up the screen Upgrading to premium (no ads) option is not possible on this unit Turning off ads is possible, but not as simple as it should be (BTW it also turns off traffic updates) I would like to upgrade, but for me, there are too many (mostly ad related) negatives.
1	The nicer screen and speed limit indicator are not enough incentive to switch units, and the older maps are usually correct, so I just need to buy updates once every two or three years.
1	Tom Tom seems to work better in this respect - your next turn is always on the screen even if it's in 60 miles, so you can be sure to stay in the correct lange.
1	Garmin did a decent job at cribbing the design characteristics that make Apple products so desirable- thinness and beautiful screen, accelerometer, etc.
1	Although the 5" screen size is nice and the graphics  are great, I found the robo.
1	When navigating we frequently want to be able to zoom in, out and panning to see where we are and where we are going WITHOUT the hassle of touching the screen and got distracted.
1	In the nuvi 670 and other units as you zoom in more and more you would see point of interests appearing on the screen and this is very helpful as it would give you an idea what are available in that area.
1	The older unit has one nag screen at each startup.
1	The new unit has added a second nag screen to startup that won't go away until you click "I Agree" to all the legalese *every time* you start the unit -- a real PIA.
1	That feature alone enticed me, in addition to the larger screen, the qwerty keyboard and the faster signal reception.
1	) after a few minutes and you MUST power back on and unlock the screen!
1	o The screen does auto-change orientation whether holding 'landscape' or 'portrait'.
1	I have had 2 1390T within a period of less than 2 weeks with the same problem -- it continual  reboots to the Garmin splash screen  and there is no fix (according to Garmin).
1	We like the newer screen features, that have been added.
1	Be aware that in order to use the traffic updating YOU MUST allow yourself to be spammed with advertising and coupons that pop up on the screen.
1	It kept giving me wrong directions and didnt even allow me to view the map because the  touch screen keeps freezing .
1	When I turn it on it takes about about 3 hard presses to get the screen to come on then the other day when i was driving i wanted to view my map and it wouldnt let me view, the  touchscreen was frozen .
1	I worry everytime I go someone where with this nuvi that my  screen will freeze up .
1	It seems to take a long time for the infomation to get to the screen.
1	Next, the  screen would flicker  in and out and it would turn itself off despite that it was plugged into the car.
1	What a pleasure to read their demeaning, asinine splash screen that demands your subserviance, your obedience to their demands on your personal behavior.
1	Yes, their opening screen provides a button for you to click each time, saying you must AGREE to their WARNINGS, their terms of use, their demands about how you must drive your vehicle because you're probably too stupid to be responsible without their help.
1	I do like the wider touch screen but the speaker are damage in my unit or they are just made poorly.
1	While we loved the larger screen and quality of display on the unit, there were a few concerns and problems which had us return it in favor of a tom tom: On our tom tom, it displayed the mileage left to the destination as well as the next turn.
1	The touch screen makes entering destinations very easy.
1	I am driving my non air-conditioned 1972 vehicle on the Interstate & notice that the  screen has locked up .
1	I had a different model Garmin unit for  about 6 months before this one  but then the touch screen started to malfunction and I had to return it.
1	The screen is big and graphics are awesome.
1	Do not turn it on or off until it returns to the main screen* because that may cause your device to become inoperable"  Now they have my attention.
1	The second 1350 still has touch  screen acceptance problems  but not as bad as first Map does not contain many addresses within North America  - even addresses we know are more than 10 years old Map-update download does not work.
1	the lane assist function as shown on the illustration is not a feature of this model, just a much less visible version of it in a 1*1 cm upper left corner of the screen.
1	The screen is very easy to read, spoken directions including street names were excellent.
1	Upon starting up, many times I would have to reset the screen brightness and make sure sound was turned on.
1	The  screen isn't as responsive  as when I first reviewed the unit.
1	I pushed hard and the  screen cracked .
1	1) The  screen is not very bright , especially when driving on a sunny day.
1	2) The  screen is not very sensitive  to the touch - frustrating!
1	screen is bright in day.
1	The Zoom in and out on upper left and right corner of the  screen works slower  than other GPS I used before, and sometimes it even doesn't work at all, just freezes on one zoom level, can't go in or out.
1	The  screen feels cheap  as the plastic is very pliable.
1	When she plugged it in and powered it on the screen read "no maps available".
1	I found the  screen to be very difficult to see  during daylight hours.
1	However, I found myself frustrated by my  inability to see the screen  during daylight hours  (when I like to exercise) which makes this device limited.
1	Overall, this is a nice item, but I was  disappointed by the screen  dimness during daylight hours which makes it of limited use for me.
1	At about 6 weeks old it started freezing or going to a  black screen , but would restart and be okay for a while.
1	Today it went to a white screen and I can't even turn it off.
1	The only good thing about it is the large screen, but even it can look bad when viewed at much of an angle.
1	My ancient Mio is so much better than this unit is every single way except screen size.
1	The screen is big and readable.
1	It somehow knew that you were on the same road and continued tracking you on the screen accurately.
1	The screen is a good size, readable.
1	The 5-inch screen really isn't any more usable than a 4.
1	It's easy to use, it acquires satellites quickly, has a clear screen and good user interface.
1	Traffic updates do not happen often, but you have to put up with advertizing that takes up an important part of the screen all the time.
1	The touch screen just isn't very responsive .
1	1 the touch screen is very inaccurate .
1	the touch screen isn't always accurate but it doesn't bother me much . .
1	One quibble the touch screen is not sufficiently sensitive for my liking I have a google G1 phone with a much better touch screen . .
1	Also the touch screen doesn't respond really good . .
1	The only problem with the unit was the sluggish touch screen .
1	Did not appear to be in new condition Like I couldn't determine that it was used and broken It most certainly WAS NOT in new condition AND the touch screen did not work properly . .
1	needed to get used to the touch screen not as sensitive as my iPhone . .
1	Two complaints first zooming in or out is tricky if you want to go from a close shot to overall view of route and back the screen refresh is slow and spotty in that mode second street names are not displayed until the zoom level is too close to be of any use situational awareness is poor in areas where you are not familiar with the streets . .
1	Product is pretty good for the money but found that the touch screen could be better . .
1	The touch screen is not as good as my IPhone not as responsive . .
1	I like the large bright display but the touch screen is far from perfect . .
1	The touch screen is not very responsive . .
1	One minor annoyance Touch screen not as sensitive at Nuvi 660 . .
1	The only reason I do not give it 5 stars is because the screen will freeze after being on for 4 6 hours .
1	The Garmin's screen is not sensitive . .
1	The touch screen aspect of it is poor .
1	Touch screen is not too precise .
1	Con's Touch screen is could be better . .
1	One complaint I have is that the touch screen is not very accurate and you really have to press to get it to register . .
1	The most recent TomTom I tried had serious keyboard problems I would press the letter A and would get AAAAAAAAA on the screen not helpful when you're on a busy freeway . .
1	The sound is pretty loud and I don't understand why some find it soft The only complaint I have is that the touch screen is not as sensitive as my 765 . .
1	Before purchasing I also read reviews that the screen was to sensitive to touch or not sensitive enough . .
