0	The 765T is a nice unit with a large screen but for the casual traveler the less expensive Garmins are a better choice . .
0	As the good far far outnumbers the bad let me say you can assume anything not mentioned sound quality screen readability GPS finding satellites etc .
0	I'm not sure what causes it but I can see the music being played on the screen but no sound There's nothing for it but to restart the Garmin .
0	It's wonderful accurate great display and the day to night auto screen resolution is pretty slick . .
0	Pros Large screen adequately bright route and side streets clearly indicated syncs to your phone via bluetooth broadcasts via FM to your radio so you can hear instructions and play MP3 music you store on memory chips that go in the unit easily re routes manually via detour button automatically re routes around traffic jams displays speed limit most places your speed estimated time of arrival traffic density and estimated delays how many miles before next turn . .
0	Cons Seems that it takes a lot of buttons well it's actually a touch sensitive screen to go through various levels of input . .
0	The aforementioned Lane Assist makes Junction View somewhat moot but not a bad idea to see a close up of the exit keep in mind you must be in a major city for this to work and it only flashes on screen for about 5 seconds . .
0	I have not yet found out how to display additional attributes on the map screen that I was accustomed to from a model from another manufacturer .
0	On the touch screen in the lower right hand there is a green dot that does not go away . .
0	Once you get use to the touch screen it is very easy typing <p>. .
0	I ended up spending a little more money for features I thought were well worth it namely an upgraded well rated bluetooth capability lifetime traffic wide screen lane assist and 3D buildings . .
0	Though the Traffic report does allow a small ad on your screen it's really not a big deal .
0	The only thing I would change if I could is the ability to put the time on the screen next to the ETA I would realy like to be able to do that it was one of my favorite features of the Tom Tom .
0	The wide screen is great and with the dashboard mount can place the Garmin were my passenger and I can both see it . .
0	The feature I appreciate the most is showing the speed on the main screen without having to change maps .
0	It has a wide screen easy to navigate I can enter coordinates and enter several locations and it gives me the best route to take . .
0	<p> Screen is bright in the sun and doesn't blind at night when it automatically shifts the display to dark mode . .
0	Screen size is bigger than my last one but size is over rated .
0	With hand on steering I can reach and press screen with first finger .
0	I would love it if they could make it so that every lane shows up on the screen all the time along with showing which one of those lanes you're in at any given moment .
0	Warm up Faster in 30 seconds or less to acknowledgment screen about the same to acquire satellites .
0	<p> Screen refresh Much faster than the 360 . .
0	Part of this feature involves a next turn arrow in the upper left corner of the screen that shows the distance AND the direction of the next turn unlike previous models that only showed the distance to the next turn .
0	However this screen does not show up very often at the moment .
0	But that does not take away from the very valuable upper left screen turn graphic that is very useful . .
0	And I would expect that the screen showing the road signs will be more fully implemented in future map updates so I am glad I have a nuvi that will be able to take advantage of that .
0	We wanted the traffic information the wider screen is a HUGE asset while driving the street names as many previous GPSs I had seen made it difficult to determine exactly where to turn and we wanted Bluetooth enabled so that when we upgraded phones it would work seamlessly .
0	The screen is readable at all times and automatically changes to a darkened night mode at night very easy on the eyes . .
0	It also provides 3 D building view photo navigation faster screen redraws route planning emergency and car locators and it has over 6 million points of interest . .
0	The most important part is the navigation and so far it's been great The screen is bright and clear and the car mount is good too . .
0	It has brilliant screen resolution as good as a new flatscreen TV . .
0	This new Garmin 765 has a softer and less intense screen resolution but it's adequate for navigating since I listen for commands more than I view the map . .
0	The MPH indicator in the lower left corner of the screen is a cool feature . .
0	The additional screen size of 4 3 allows you to see more roadside points of interest and get a better overall view of your route .
0	Regardless of how many times you sych the screen it seems to regularly fail or be off by as much as inch .
0	The screen views are excellent and the routing has been great so far . .
0	My husband and I researched and found this model it is great Reviews I read stated that it showed fingerprints it does seem to pick up fingerprints easily but the way the screen is made the prints don't affect your viewing of the info .
0	Huh The only way to really delete these favorites is to hook a USB cable up to the device and then go into the device's directory structure and delete a folder or do a hard reset by booting up the device while pressing on the lower right corner of the screen . .
0	Thus your screen tap might register two times causing you to have to hit the back button to return to where you want to be .
0	Then it registers both screen taps and you find yourself in the wrong menu and thus need to back out one step .
0	The screen is easily covered with fingerprints but this doesn't impair use .
0	The screen is large enough to be viewed easily . .
0	The screen looks great and im happy with everything else . .
0	Its guidance has been accurate its screen and voice are easy to understand and the traffic feature is a real plus . .
0	Oftentimes when touching one part of the screen it thinks I touched elsewhere .
0	But every so often I can type or touch an icon on one part of the screen i e .
0	The Garmin 765T has a very bright screen and easy to follow voice commands . .
0	I actually have the screen at 80% brightness and the voice at 60% volume because both are more than what is needed which is a good thing .
0	They don't appear while driving but while I am stopped and are only covering part of the title bar on the top of the screen . .
0	The Garmin was very easy to use by comparison largely because of its touch screen input .
0	The touch screen makes it really easy to use . .
0	The Garmin does indeed include rest stops in its huge database but the information is almost useless because you have to drill down through many levels of non obvious menus to find Rest Stops and then it fills the screen with a list of nearby rest stops that are in every direction even though it knows what route you are following .
0	Things I like the lane assist is awesome the display is really nice and the construction quality of the unit is top notch the screen is very clear during the day and night the volume seems fine I don't use the FM transmitter feature traffic reports are fine . .
0	The screen is very bright and can be seen in any light . .
0	Although it had the features I wanted I had some reservations about getting the 765T because of several reviews that listed problems with the screen speaker volume bluetooth missing features from the 760 etc .
0	Screen The screen on the unit I received is very bright and clear .
0	The <p>sensitivity on this screen is fine and there is no problem with the calibration for buttons etc . .
0	AGAIN not a reason to rate a product down when it gives you the option to calibrate the freakin screen .
0	It's easy to use out of the box and the screen is so clear that my 5 year old can see it from the back seat . .
0	I appreciate on the 765 the posted speed limit which I guess would be a negative if I was speeding and a cop pulled me over and pointed out that my GPS tells me what the speed limit that I was breaking was the lifetime free traffic which if you add on to your GPS is like 129 dollars The big buttons on the main screen Easy to see and use the POI point of interest menu is easy to navigate and has a ton of information on places near you .
0	I like the fact that from POI menu you can type in a location you want to find without having an exact address like you would need if you tried to navigate from the Where to menu on the main screen .
0	I understand that you would maybe want the GPS to confirm kind of like a confirmation on your computer to delete a file but why would I go into the re routing traffic screen if it weren't to avoid the traffic up ahead Considering I am doing the change while driving I would want it as simple and easy as possible .
0	I have waited on getting an ITOUCH or IPHONE for price and also for the touch screen technology to get better . .
0	Maybe its the pictures because they are the last to appear on screen .
0	Additionally the lane guide really helps when you are in a new area that you have not previously traveled Garmin Nuvi 765T Vehicle GPS W 4 3 LCD Touchscreen 8GB SDHC Memory Card Bean Bag Dashboard Mount GPS Screen Protectors 0100071520 BigVALUEInc Accessory Saver Bundle .
0	Screen does not seem to be as responsive as the older versions even after I did the screen calibration not really a big problem though .
0	It is solidly constructed the screen is easy to read and so far all directions when we have used it have be extremely accurate . .
1	The only downside we have found so far is that the icons on the screen marking favorite places are almost too small to be seen . .
1	During driving the 3D look was nice but distracted my husband a little I had to turn the screen away from him .
0	Cons Gets very very warm when used when entering place names for lookup it stalls a little makes you clear entire list of Recently Found instead of one by one in case you want to save some didn't find places that prior Garmin did touch screen seems a little off at times I would click one place and another area would be activated .
1	I had to press the touch screen several times without any success .
0	Touch screen was very responsive after I updated the firmware during my first time registration . .
0	But the unit does show small lane sign on top left side of the screen . .
0	The 765T has some very good features but it responds slower than my older unit and the touch screen is is not as exact as the 660 .
0	The easiest way is to plug it in and when the loading map screen comes on unplug it then plug it back in .
0	The buttons work correctly on the touch screen . .
0	This unit has a backlit screen that if you are in a convertible will be hard to see in the SUN .
0	Why not have a link to that on the main page and on the map screen The icon shows up on the map screen when the media player is active .
0	You could select from a library of transparent overlay widgets and position them on the screen the way YOU wanted .
0	I was debating between this or the 1490T with the 5 screen .
0	Although i was concerned about the complaints about the unresponsive touch screen i have not found it to be a problem .
0	The 660 screen was better but this is acceptable and i have not seen any of the problems with tapping in one area but responding elsewhere on the screen . .
0	But there were quite a few issues such as inaccurate touch screen shuttering Text To Speech as I found .
0	It fixed a couple of bugs including these two major easy use issues inaccurate touch screen and sheering Text To Speech . .
0	<p> Screen is vivid with 3D images of many off ramps and turns . .
0	<p> Big screen good volume excellent graphics traffic info bluetooth . .
0	Not sure if the Nuvi 1490T is worth the jump in price as it has more or less the same features just a bigger screen .
0	Some may say that the 5 screen may be TOO big .
1	The registration calibration of the screen is unpredictable .
1	Even the replacement that I received has issues with the touch screen .
1	I wish there was a way to calibrate the screen on your own .
0	For example a mute option from the maps screen would be nice instead you have to go back to the main menu enter the volume option and then mute then go all the way back to the map screen . .
0	You cannot change the map from 3D to Point North from the map screen either a little option I liked in my previous GPS .
0	It would be nice to be able to display at least two of these in the main map screen .
0	If on the stolen list the update would lock out the unit flash unit stolen on the screen and report the location of the update request ip address to Garmin and the registered owner .
0	My criteria was that it had a 4 3 screen free traffic and some other bell and whistle features like an SD card slot for music the music player and points of interest . .
0	I got more instructions on line It quickly picks up your route when you do different than it has stated We have not been able to use the lane assist yet but the driving instrucions on which way you will be turning are very good We also like the screen size . .
0	Also while you can change what is diplayed in the right indicator on the main map screen i e .
0	The occasional ad or coupon that flashes on the screen are small and do not bother me at all .
0	However the large photographic image comes up too close to the junction sometimes and stays on the screen briefly .
0	More useful is actually the little box on the upper left corner of the screen which runs continuously when in the map view and shows the next turn by direction and lane .
0	Also if you want the section of the road to show colors reflecting the traffic situation you must touch the logo and go to the next screen where you choose to show the traffic in the map view .
0	For the traffic service it does present little adds on the top of the screen but in no way blocks your navigation . .
0	If I am a bit more careful when using the touch screen I do not have the problem .
0	<p> Brightest screen of the perfect in Texas daylight even with sunglasses on . .
0	I love this GPS and can't understand how I lived without it before The lane assist works well the screen is nice and bright in either day or night mode and the volume can get really loud . .
0	The Garmin nuvi 765T is a good product however I have already updated the unit and I can see glitches in the screen while driving down the road .
0	Another feature on the 765T is free traffic control reports for as long as you own the unit There is an icon which shows up on the screen when the car is in range of the FM radio broadcast that gives the traffic reports that is green when traffic is flowing smoothly yellow when slow and red when really bad or stopped .
0	Tech support recommended calibrating the screen which I did but the problem persists possibly endemic to this model . .
0	I love the touch screen the volume is just right and the features are great . .
0	The screen is bright and it is easy to see the display day and night . .
0	With this one screen I can do everything I need including find my way .
0	Better than previous unit wider screen and more features .
0	If you've got big fingers the touch screen presents a problem you almost need a stylus .
0	<p> Very nice screen and visual effects . .
0	Fewer taps on the Garmin screen needed to accomplish things . .
0	Both are artifacts of screen size so I doubt if other units are any better but in my opinion these problems can be corrected or at least improved .
0	The screen membrane in the 765T is different but I suspect the processor in this Nuvi is overburdened and that affects the touch response .
0	It does not always accurately register my finger presses and it requires a lot more finger pressure than the TomTom unit which can be an annoying nuisance and distraction when I am trying to press this screen while driving I hear that this touchscreen was far more erratic and buggy with older versions of the software firmware updates but even after I have kept up with all current updates and after using Garmin's screen calibration routine this touchscreen can still be somewhat annoying at times .
0	i have been in big cities and never got lost the lane assist is a nice feature but you have to push the icon to see the lane assist screen would love for it to automaticly change but hey its still a nice unit . .
0	The only note I have is that for the first few months after I purchased this unit I had trouble with the touch screen it was flat out not accurate .
0	I was just about to put it back into the box and send it back to Amazon when someone suggested I calibrate the screen .
0	I got this device as a gift for my husband to replace a previous model and he is very pleased The only problem he notices is that the touch screen is not as responsive or accurate as he would like it to be . .
0	The real busy highway interchanges have the screen shot that shows the overhead road signs with the sign for your route highlighted and an arrow on the road showing you exactly which lane to take is pretty common here .
0	The lane assist feature has two modes the photo realistic mode and the highlighted lanes mode in the upper left corner of the screen .
0	The photo realistic screen just pops up for a few seconds on its own at the right moment . .
0	Then it goes back to normal screen showing the highlighted lanes in the upper right corner of the screen when the critical moment is past .
0	I did love my Tom Tom and it was easy to use and had a very clear screen . .
0	Especially like the Caller ID on screen function . .
0	I just got back from a cross country trip Seattle to Dayton OH on the airlines and when I turned it on in the rental car it was locked on within a few seconds it was the first time I even saw the searching for satellites screen .
0	There should be a Map or Finish button on every screen to take you right back to the navigation map or menu at the very least clicking Back half a dozen times is pretty ridiculous . .
0	It is a good unit but I wish Garmin would just put in an extra screen for walking mode with a simple arrow pointing the direction and a number indicating distance to get to a waypoint .
0	UPDATE In off road mode it is possible to get close to a precise location due to the addition of a distance to destination option on the main map screen .
0	Still misasing is a short cut key to get from any screen you are at back to the map screen and or home screen .
0	Here is a list of items you will see on the navigation screen .
0	The upcoming turn indicator top left on the map screen now displays lane guidance information . .
0	A quick note to mention to get back to the main screen you can hold down the back button for two seconds .
0	Well the GPS was showing me in the top of the screen I needed to get all the way over in the right lane . .
0	The screen that pops up is a true 3 D of the interstate follow by an arrow where you need to be .
1	Touch screen is really hard to use .
0	improvements would be better input control Touch screen its larger than my Ipod and I have no trouble with that turn off speed alert seperately from the other audio fix the software so it works with the Mac . .
0	I like the lane assist and with the wider screen than I've had it is easier to read the info .
0	A save option and jump back to the Where to screen would have been a nice option .
0	The unti is small enough for carrying around but has a big enough screen for viewing the maos well & feels soft with a responsive touch screen . .
0	The large screen is very nice . .
0	The on screen keys are a bit close together but that could just be my fat fingers .
1	Touch screen is a bit annoying but minor to how useful it is .
0	Map The map is clear the refresh rate is fast and all of the right information is provided on screen including details for upcoming turns and junctions speed limit and traffic alerts . .
0	I have yet to see the full screen 3D Lane Assist Junction View shown in the many 765t screenshots however I've done very little highway driving and I believe this screen requires that the user press the top left upcoming turn icon .
0	>>>>>UPDATE After some highway driving it turns out that the full screen 3D Lane Assist Junction View shows up automatically before potentially tricky highway junctions .
0	It has a 4 3 screen and several models such as my 765T come with free ad supported lifetime traffic from NAVTEQ .
0	The first 765T I received had some strange markings underneath the surface of the screen .
1	Unfortunately the version 3 90 firmware is quite buggy and causes erratic touch screen behavior as well as issues with reception of traffic reports shutting down . .
0	And the touch screen sometimes has a mind of its own the bottom row is particularly badly aligned .
0	Fortunately you don't have to touch the screen much .
0	I've found speed limits displayed on the screen to be less than accurate so always watch the posted limits .
0	For traffic I much prefer the short lived Dash which showed live traffic on the main map screen .
0	It was easier for me to find what I wanted especially when it comes to points of interest and it provided me with more information on the main screen .
1	The other issue is the touch screen could be a little better .
0	I got pudgy fingers so this might have something to do with it but then again my cell phone HTC Fuse I never have issues with and the buttons on the screen are way smaller .
0	Easy accurate and avoid the headache of using the small screen of your GPS unit vs the giant screen of your computer .
0	Screen brightness in the daytime with the top down is OK .
0	Not so pleased with touch screen keyboard . .
0	The screen is great although a little too sensative when entering data . .
0	Browse map feature Have you ever wondered what that road on your GPS is All I had to do was touch the road on the screen and it will tell me what road it is .
0	Some other good feature Automatic time zone update and I also like auto screen color change for maximum visibility based on day or light time . .
0	The screen repaint is much faster and much smoother than in units from just a few years ago . .
0	I didn't think this would be a big deal but it really does make a difference when you only have a split second to glance at the screen when making a turn in traffic .
0	I love the wide screen . .
0	In fact I love the wide screen because it provides room to spell out complete cross street names on both sides of the street I'm on . .
0	Also the wide screen means that the unit can keep more valuable information on screen all the time rather than having to take some items such as speed or speed limit off the screen in different modes to make room for other stuff .
0	The touch screen on the 765 is not as well calibrated as on my old 360 .
0	To compound the problem there is no simple menu option to recalibrate the touchscreen on the 765 you have to turn off the unit while holding down some button for a long time while pressing the screen .
0	The icons on the screen are pretty self explanatory and I could plan an entire trip without going to the manual at all . .
0	I was also pleased how easy I could read the screen in the sunlight good job Garmin . .
0	I've used it for numerous trips over the 8 years and find it very helpful but decided to up grade to a bigger color screen and navagation to a destination .
0	Pros The 4 3 inch screen hits the sweet spot . .
0	For those that have issues with the screen accuracy I suggest tapping with the fingernails for a more accurate hit get the 4 3 clear screen protector and you won't have to worry about the fingernails damaging the screen .
0	Pros over the 780 much faster screen redraws faster sat acquisition more POIs slight user interface tweaks all for the better IMO and generally a tighter feel . .
0	However after using the service for 2 weeks I would gladly trade it for faster screen redraws and the lane assist feature . .
0	The 4 3 screen is plenty big and crystal clear .
0	I do like the ease of use screen brightness & mp3 player . .
1	I calibrated the touch screen two times but that did not help .
0	The display washes out in bright sunlight and the volume is almost adequate not quite loud enough to understand what it's saying loud enough to alert you to look at the screen .
0	Turns out that the visual lane assist feature is limited to very small lane indicator on the main screen vs .
0	The touch screen is a tiny bit touchy but that is a very minor thing .
0	The screen is just the right size the volume is loud enough for me to listen to the radio and still hear the commands . .
0	The touch screen of course is full of fingerprints but I suppose that's to be expected .
0	Hope the touch screen holds up better than the last two I've had . .
0	I have noticed that the touch screen on this one freezes for a couple of seconds when putting an address in from time to time .
0	Maybe I'm spoiled though I'm used to the iPhone's touch screen .
0	It could also be the case that my touch screen is buggy for some reason .
0	The touch screen sensitive reception and unintrusive traffice updates are welcome improvements from my Quest . .
0	Ease of data entry clear and easy to read screen compact size bluetooth for my iPhone SD card or PC cable for loading music phone and music through my speakers what's not to like . .
0	Everything works great The only thing I dont like is the touch screen . .
1	At times the touch screen is way off .
0	I have to admit I was curious to see the road signs on the screen which I didn't see going in spite of being on major freeways but I did see them coming back .
0	My only complaint about this unit so far is that I feel like I have fat fingers when touching the screen .
0	The screen sensitivity could be better as I often end up pushing or at least it thinks I pushed the wrong button on the unit requiring me to back up . .
0	Although the 885t is a later design it lacks the faster screen refresh rate of the 7X5t series . .
0	Consequently the 885t's screen jerks down as you progress along your way instead of the smooth glide the 7X5t has .
0	Unlike the 7X5t the 885t does not have icons on the screen to allow you to switch between 2D 3D rotate view and 3D buildings or landmarks view .
0	From what I could see at Best Buy the Motorola had the best screen I have come across during my GPS search . .
0	Some of the attributes that caused a 4 star rating instead of 5 are volume adequate but not quite loud enough when driving at 70 mph and touch screen requires that you be precise but item does not include a stylus which I believe would help .
0	I certainly like the bigger brighter and clearer screen . .
0	The junction view is helpful but only rarely displays on the screen .
0	Maybe there is no option to calibrate the touch screen the Nuvi 660 has touch screen calibration .
0	It's shows up on top or bottom of your screen sometimes . .
0	Learned the touch screen no problem here either . .
0	En route the screen is bright and readable . .
0	That offers protection against scratches on the body and the black color looks great The large 4 3 screen is bright enough in the sun and is a big step up from a 3 5 if you've used one of those . .
0	On the map screen the right field is now customizable and can show direction of travel elevation time and more . .
0	Some people may be annoyed by text to speech but it is meant to be your guide without looking at the screen .
0	Garmin's screen is cartoonish and looses detail at speeds above 50mph .
1	Only flaw that i see is sometimes when you hit one of the icons to get into a screen it may take a second or two to reconize that you touched the screen .
0	My one criticism is that the screen is a bit touchy and makes incorrect selections occasionally forcing you to type slowly .
1	The first unit I received was falty in that it made a howling noise in low signal areas and then the screen would go blank and the unit would reboot .
0	Had a Garmin 340 but the larger screen 4 3in and extra features on the 765 are great .
1	The only thing I don't like is sometimes when I touch a button on the touch screen it thinks I've touched something near it .
1	Also when using a sub menu for example something in the settings after you've set it you have to hit back back back to get back to the main screen .
1	It would be nice if it had an option to go directly back to the main screen .
0	It gives you street name turn directions counts down by miles then feet estimated arrival time picture screen of upcoming streets and traffic alerts then re routes you around them .
0	This is much safer than trying to read a Thomas Guide or Mapquest directions especially at night how do you do that with it's illuminated picture screen and verbal directions .
0	Definitely get the friction dash mount accessory to view screen more safely . .
0	The switch to 765T was a very pleasant experience bigger screen easier menu and very fast and responsive device . .
0	The wide screen is great since it gives you more of the map to look at in case you would like to do some on the spot route planning . .
0	It also helps with the menus because you can view more options with the 3 wide 2 down configuration than you could with the 2 wide 2 down of the nuvi 255 no more scrolling to find the favorites icon It is also very bright during the day and easy to read although I wish Garmin would make the screen less reflective so that when the driver is wearing a white shirt it does not reflect off of the screen .
0	At night the screen dims down to about the same level as the lights on my gauges and is easy on the eyes .
0	The touch screen is a little sensitive for my taste and depending on how you tap it hard or soft it will make the wrong selection once in a while . .
0	<p> Screen is a bit sharper than older Garmins . .
0	in conclusion the 765T has a nicer bigger screen but many features have . .
0	I have both 775T and now 765T and both are very nice same features though the price is different but satisfied with them except for the touch screen which is still clumsy on all garmin models .
0	Good features but periodically restarts when I touch the screen about twice a day on long trips .
0	3 VEHICLE SPEED I like the point that 765T displays the vehicle speed on the main screen irrespective of whether it is in routing mode or not .
0	The on screen rerouting instructions pop up much sooner than the verbal instructions especially when the GPS is still speaking the previous instruction and you take a turn different from what the GPS had instructed to .
0	The screen would have shown much earlier that you took a wrong turn .
0	The GPS has lot of screen real estate to show this info without cluttering the screen .
0	Touch screen is responsive after satellite lock . .
0	<p> Screen is much better than my previous unit .  .
0	The vehicle on the screen can be changed from a car to a funny off road truck .
0	Even if you don't live in a large city like us you can still view different lanes to a degree by touching the screen as directed in the instruction manual and see to a better degree which lane to get in .
0	On this screen simply zoom in and the lanes are more easily seen even if the current location doesn't have a lane assist picture .
0	I actually bought something for my brother that he likes and uses frequently It has a really easy to use touch screen and you can set multiple favorite locations . .
0	Small things While the anti reflective coating on the screen in better than the films I've tried on my wife's GPS the screen is not very bright in full daylight when wearing sun glasses . .
0	Only negative for me is the touch screen sensitivity but it's such an inconsequential point .
0	Pro's screen is very nice very accurate and efficient routing bluetooth works well . .
0	The screen is a nice resolution and looks very rich and the maps look advanced . .
0	I think on a high end product like this Garmin should have made sure that the touch screen worked well . .
0	The mini adds with the free traffic service are limited to the main screen and are unobtrusive they do not appear on the navigation screen .
0	This has fixed the sporadic screen the random reboots stuttering with the voices among other things .
1	NUMBER TWO The MP3 interface screen needs to use bigger text to display the song titles .
1	NUMBER FOUR The screen is real smudge magnet .
0	<p> Screen is bright and readable in all lighting conditions . .
0	Touchscreen can occasionally be finicky and locate the touch on the wrong screen button .
0	I had the one of the 1400 models a 5 that had a great screen but the traffic part didn't work so well . .
0	I can do GPS on my phone and the screen is just not quite big enough to see street names etc .
0	You need the stand to charge and operate the screen .
1	But the screen refresh on every map screen is slow . .
1	Screen doesn't show distance to destination .
0	Shows the time to destination then you have to go to a sub screen to see the distance .
0	A lot of other GPS' allow you to configure what you want on the screen .
0	FYI if you are comparing to non speech recog models the 855 does this any text you can read on the screen you can instead speak it into the little microphone you attach to your steering wheel and there are lots of other commands or short cuts as well e g .
0	Its only been 4 months now but this GPS unit hasn't exhitbited any problems except those due to a bad connection between the car seat and its touch screen .
0	BAD Map screen won't display miles to destination only estimated time of arrival system volume is way too low doesn't display the road you are currently on and the feature Where am I doesn't display this as well .
0	I have a Nuvi 350 but since that lacks lane assist a 4 3 inch screen multi route planning displayed speed limit displayed turn arrow and a host of other features .
1	I wish the screen was a little bit bigger .
0	I love the touch screen too . .
0	Pros Beautiful bright clear detailed screen effective voice recognition system quick response time instant on is a distinct advantage removable battery allows destination picture inserts lane turning assistance adequate volume in my vehicle upcoming turn reminders work well for me Where Am I helps to easily add new locations to favorites . .
0	The provided windshield suction cup mount worked great but I think I'll make up a sunshade for the screen to cut the glare .
0	and the clarity of the larger screen as he has in the past had a smaller screen and likes the voice . .
0	activitation so he doesn't get distracted by touching the screen all the time .
0	Once you click on FINISH you are then able to unplug your device from the computer and allow the device to do it's own thing until you get the warning screen .
0	The ease of learning this unit was good you just say whats on the screen and the unit does the rest .
0	The most annoying thing missing is an battery indicator on the screen when charging at the computer and lack of functionality until disconnected Can't figure that omission out as it is a all accessible on an AC charger not included .
0	Sound is decent with a set of headphones using the unit like an MP3 and accessing other features while listening only interferes with a beep as you use the touch screen to navigate .
0	The best feature is the 4 3 inch screen with a font I can still read without glasses lol I have about a 2x reading prescription .
0	With the 855 you have to change screen and you have to look to see where you are or which screen you are on .
0	The screen is easy to see . .
0	The screen is easily read under all lighting conditions .
0	A couple folks pointed out to me that the elevation is displayed either by touching the vehicle icon on the map to go to the Where Am I screen or by touching the satellite bars display on the main menu .
1	The screen has frozen on me once and I had to remove the battery and re insert it to bring it back to life .
0	I guess I probably should have waited for the 755T version The device was slow I'd start driving after waiting at a stop light and sometimes it would take 15 20 seconds before it started updating the screen again very frustrating when the next turn is coming up quickly .
0	I like the wide screen on the Nuvi 855 and not having to take my hands off of the steering wheel to enter info onto the screen is a huge safety factor . .
0	The screen is bright I have had no problem with the voice recognition all in all I love the 855 . .
0	You can easily set up a route to almost anywhere without touching the screen and then add via points by speech on the way in the same manner .
0	The default data fields are a little different from earlier models with posted speed limit posted lower on the left side screen next a new current speed output on the menu line .
0	You don't have to memorize anything you can say words that appear on the screen like view map or volume up or where to . .
0	For example go home automatically takes you home no matter what screen or menu you are in .
0	This means you can see if there are any restaurants gas stations banks etc at the next intersection or highway exit by just glancing at the screen .
0	So I just had to use the touch screen but 90% of the time its pretty good .
0	I just speak as it is worded on the screen .
0	Its got lots of nice options like the option to change the touch screen keyboard to keyboard style or alphabeticle order style .
1	I do miss that but the touch screen was SO problematic that I went to a voice activated unit .
0	You don't need to use the touch screen .
0	The price is right given the screen size and feature set . .
0	I think Garmin could stand to streamline the process by a screen or two but it works .
0	I had difficulty pronouncing the word routes the poor GPS could not understand what I was saying then a gentle touch on the screen indeed helped . .
0	I would also hope that when a route is calculated I can review it and can revise the route manually by touching screen just like Google Map . .
0	I was concerned about purchasing this product when I read reviews about the screen freezing and having to reboot the unit each time .
0	It has an easy to use screen lock feature that will deactivate the screen in case of accidental touch . .
0	Easy to navigate prompts and on screen instructions .
0	Clear and accurate maps and easily read screen though direct sunlight can sometimes make it unreadable . .
0	Screen brightness changes automatically for night day driving .
0	Posted speed limits shown on screen map while traveling while only accurate about 85% of the time it is a great reference to have when you haven't seen a speed limit sign in some time .
0	A removeable screen protector to prevent scratches would have been nice .
0	Without external power a new charged battery lasts only 2 maybe 3 hours depending on usage and screen brightness .
0	You can speak any command that is currently on the screen at any time by simply pressing the large button on the remote .
0	The unit is so good you don't even need to look at the screen Its instructions are clear . .
0	I love the larger screen haven't tried the voice recognition yet but looking forward to it . .
0	the screen is large for us old folks that can't see as good the lane assistance is a great help that my old GPS didn't have .
0	It's built in big screen easy to use great features . .
0	Nice display one thing I suggest is get yourself a protective plastic overlay for the screen to protect it . .
0	major pain while driving with no idea where you going for the price the screen is small but gps chip seems to be pretty good .
0	Certain times of the day there was a bad glare on the screen that made it difficult to see .
0	This personly did not bother me because I listen for the commands rather than watch the screen .
0	The only thing I wish this unit did have would be a few POI Points of interest gas stations food etc right on map screen so you would not have to go hunting for them . .
0	First GPS that I bought along with a radar detector and LCD screen radio to prepare for a trip to Indiana and long term use .
0	It's a good idea to play music on the GPS for the reason that it will stop whenever it freezes up and you might notice this sooner than watching the lcd screen .
0	Simply removing the battery if it fails to restart will either quickly resume where it left off or will allow you to return to the start up screen .
0	Many features that could be introduced to the screen are deliberately left out of the way in order to make it more user friendly and to not confuse many users .
0	The Magellan 1470 by the way had a beautiful screen but was horrible at routing . .
0	It has the speed limits on the screen .
0	occasional frozen screen menu button hard to push when in map view .
0	The unit although not much larger than my iPhone has a large colorful LCD screen which occassionally got washed out by the morning sun . .
0	However it flashes quickly which may cause you to miss it if you're not looking at the screen when it appears .
0	PROs Custom routing ease of setting unit options responsiveness to my spoken commands quick map scrolling via finger movement Lane Assistance arrows are helpful map detail is better than on the 755 765 place names appear on screen as you drive extensive and easy use to use Points of Interest database and POIs can be displayed on map if you choose .
0	I almost always check the next turn instruction well before upcoming turns I also find it helpful to press the green text line at the top of the map screen to display a summary of several upcoming turns on my route . .
0	We usually had some wind noise with the sunroof and rear windows open but would close them IF necessary when we anticipated receiving an instruction such as at the 8 mile mark before a turn we frequently pressed the screen to re hear an instruction as well as to view the turn well beforehand .
0	Among my favorite commands are Zoom In and Zoom Out instead of reaching and pressing on the screen while driving .
0	I've experienced my own frustrations especially with Custom Routes but have learned to select the correct screen options to get Nuvis to do what I want . .
0	The foregoing steps and precautions make for more work and require lots of zooming in on the map screen but I have learned NOT to blindly depend on the Nuvi choosing routes automatically until after I have inspected EVERY Via Point .
0	This is helpful when I preview a lengthy Custom Route especially when zoomed out to 50 miles or so screen width .
0	Upcoming Turn is displayed at the top of the map screen when on a Custom Route . .
0	Despite our brief initial use I have absolutely NO doubts that the 855 is the model for us It is far easier to use than the 755 which is also at the high end of the current Nuvi crop which had very frustrating screen touch problems as often commented upon by other online users .
0	Because I had used a 760 before I was constantly upset with the erratic response of the 755 during keyboard entry of addresses as well its frequently bringing up the wrong function or menu when I touched the screen .
0	the only thing i have bought other wise is a screen saver and a travel bag to store it in this unit comes with a cradle for charging which also has a suction cup for attaching to windshield it also has a mounting disk for attaching to a different location we used our disk and placed it on the glove box that way we could place suction cup and cradle to the glove box allowing us the ability to play the games and still keep charged take it from me the best deal hands down . .
0	I'd also suggest that you get some screen protectors to keep it from getting scratched and keep fingerprints off of it .
0	However I like the screen better on the 660 . .
0	I can search for something without touching the screen .
0	It is faster to use the touch screen but nice to have a hands free option when you need it . .
0	You can speak any command that is on the screen plus a handful of commands that are good anytime .
0	I also found the lane indicator on the screen in complex highway interchanges to be very useful .
0	The bigger screen size on the n&uuml vis is nice but having the speech output for routing assistance in the 855 makes for a vast improvement over handhelds .
0	Being able to type on the touch screen is also a huge improvement over small handhelds like my eTrex .
0	I've briefly tried the n&uuml vi on a bicycle and the screen washes out in direct sunlight .
0	The screen tends to flip off when I try to tilt it slightly upward in order to get a better view .
0	We like the on screen features of telling us the next maneuver is x miles ahead and will be to the left or right . .
0	<p> screen size is great detail is amazing for size . .
0	The ability to talk to the GPS rather than continually touching the screen is a definite luxury and SAFETY advantage . .
0	If you drive a convertible with the top down a lot get a touch screen only model .
0	I found the touch screen worked well but was far better with fewer mistakes using a PDA type stylus . .
0	if i say home or state a street name it does not respond i have to tap the screen .
0	the trip computer is not very accurate and you have to go to another screen to see it .
0	The screen size is definitely a plus for those of us over 50 who need reading glasses but have good distance vision placed beyond arms length on the windshield .
0	The touch screen is very responsive and the voice recognition does fairly well as long as there isn't too much background noise . .
0	I bought it because of the large screen size for hiking even .
0	I like the screen being bright enough to see during the day the voice being understandable the lane assist at junctions and all of the facts on screen such as speed miles to next turn compass direction how many miles to go etc . .
0	It get satellites quickly And the screen is perfect . .
0	I choose this navigator for my RV primarily for these reasons cost large screen spoken directions and the ability to use an external antenna .
0	That's when being able to reach the screen buttons comes in handy . .
0	I don't mind touching the screen to put in an address or select my destination from my address book .
0	The screen is a good size too . .
0	I just look at the screen & follow the purple line .
0	I also watch for my exit which is displayed at the top of the screen . .
0	The Garmin has a wider screen 4 3 compared to the other 2 but the width does not make that much difference .
0	This unit is very easy to read in bright sunlight with very little glad a plus The text is large enough that you don't need a magnifying glass to read the information on the screen .
0	I like the wide screen that makes it a bit easier to see . .
0	<p> Screen is bright and easy to read . .
0	On screen touch keyboard works well and is easy to use . .
0	Directions are clear as is the viewing screen . .
0	Yes it does allow one to keep the hands on the steering wheel but if the driver me is not careful you can be distracted thinking of what command to say and glancing at the screen .
0	The only bogus problem I had initially was the problem with the screen freezing after about two page changes .
0	The screen is big enough to see while driving . .
0	I love the big screen too I wouldn't get the smaller one . .
0	Pros very good user interface easy to use nice touch screen directions are very good and the text to speech feature really helps . .
0	All updates were easy to perform by following the on screen instructions with the included software .
0	My only complaint is it's ability to recognize common names It recognizes commands like volume up and screen prompts very well . .
0	I like the size of the screen 4 3 better than the 50LM that has a 5 screen . .
0	Love the 5 screen and its worth the money for the lifetime maps . .
0	I previously had a Nuvi with a smaller screen but the 5 is an improvement .
0	I purchased the Nuvi40LM 4 3 inch screen about a month ago .
0	The colors on the screen are bright easy to see and read . .
0	If you go above the posted speed limit the speed you are driving on the screen turns from black numbering to red .
0	They have They use it all the time and really love the features especially the language feature They've programmed it to speak in Japanese which they absolutely love The screen is easy to follow and I myself really enjoy the lane feature which displays actual images of which lane to stay in and which to avoid . .
0	The 5 screen easy to view is heaven sent for my poor failing eye sight . .
0	Lane change split view screen makes traffic navigation less stressful .
0	The screen is big enough that even a 50 something can read it easily . .
0	I like the little icons on the screen that let you see where banks fuel eateries etc are on your route .
0	The screen splits and shows the next maneuver before turns and ramp entrances .
0	size same screen size as the 700 but the new unit is tiny and sexy .
0	The map is very clear day or night and I like the split screen display I used to hate when the map went away as I neared a turn to just be replaced with a large turn arrow . .
0	The only problem I've had thus far is that the unit has frozen twice on the start up screen in the 40 or so times I've used it requiring a reboot have a pen handy This is annoying and I hope Magellan can issue a patch .
0	Sleek design nice touch & wide screen display pretty user friendly and the voice command sounds good as opposed to the annoying monotone robot voice . .
0	I like the text to speech because you do not have to look at the screen while you are driving .
0	The screen is very attractive and I love the night view . .
0	The text to speech is very helpful I don't need to look at the screen much .
0	When you put the unit in a safe place while you are gone from the vehicle turn it off first Otherwise the touch screen may cause an errant entry when you grab it .
0	I love the larger screen the voice is clear and loud and the turn by turn directions are better than the Garmin I had . .
0	This is a replacement for an earlier model Magellan Roademate with an extremely small screen and arrow pad that I never was able to navigate .
0	The newer model is all touch screen easier to see and to use . .
0	It gives you a split screen view of upcoming turns and beeps when you're at the turn .
1	About a third of the way through the update using my computer my unit screen froze and nothing I did helped . .
0	The screen is clear and the voice seems clearer than his old one . .
0	The screen is clear with good voice announcements and easy to follow directions . .
0	I love that it announces the street by name and I can watch the screen which tells me how far to the next turn and the arrow pointing in the direction for the next turn is a great plus .
0	I love the new screen colors and size . .
0	Pastel colors displayed on the screen are nice IMO . .
0	Split screen is great when coming up to near direction . .
0	Settings help but often split in dimness when in dual or split screen mode which is not often anyways .
0	The only bad thing is sometime it does not give alot of notice on when to turn the bell ring but you can clearly see all turns on the screen .
0	I like the map screen way better than the Garmin's or TomTom's . .
0	My TomTom's screen was almost impossible to see in sunlight .
0	The Current Location screen shows altitude as well as all the typical stuff . .
0	POI's on map screen are easy to see and the icons let you know what is there . .
1	I agree that the night screen is a bit too bright .
0	It is also great to save a location in the where am I screen so you can return to it later if you wish .
0	Other than that Works great nice size screen tells speed you are going but only if you don't actually have address input in just traveling . .
0	If your phone rings you just tap the screen to answer oh and it plays MP3's as well .
0	Programming the Address Book is straightforward with options to enter data by location intersection or zip code with a touch screen keyboard that guides users through a capable algorithm for interactive word completion .
0	Missy can be silenced and or used in conjunction with a split frame on the touch screen that temporarily displays upcoming maneuvers with arrows alongside an optional 2D or 3D image map also set by user preferences .
0	With the push of a finger users can access six million points of interest POIs instantaneously with colorful large and small icons and buttons on the brilliant 4 3 glare free touch screen that is encased in an ultra slim stylish cabinet measuring less than an inch thick . .
0	They can identify their immediate Location and re route themselves Home from anywhere with the push of an icon or button on the touch screen A Roadside Assistance icon is available to AAA members for emergency service .
1	If you go into the bluetooth screen and click bluetooth manager it without fail will do nothing .
1	And you can't get out of it The only way to exit this mode is to reset the unit thus the name screen of death Then once it restarts 1 2 the times its so slow that you need to restart it again I can't express my disappointment that such a reputable brand like Magellan would allow their product to be shipped with such a major fault .
0	The screen of death and the fact it doesn't say when it completes a reroute are major flaws to me .
0	I'll give it one more month to grow on me contact customer support to resolve this problem because this unit is like the underdog and i'm really rooting for even with the screen of death .
0	My son is colorblind and when the daytime screen is on and he programs a route it can be difficult to see the route against the background .
0	The menu is simple enough and the screen is not cluttered at all giving you easy access to view the map and or select whatever functions you need . .
0	I find myself rarely having to look at the screen because the voice prompts are so spot on .
0	THE TOUCH SCREEN WORKS PRETTY GOOD IT WORKS BETTER WITH A PEN .
0	Some more good things The touch screen is quite sensitive and almost always responds to a tap . .
0	The screen brightness is great but definitely bright at night . .
0	On the plus side the extra bells and whistles are nice The larger screen is great . .
0	Also the light sensor that changes the on screen background from green to black at night is almost worth the cost alone in the safety it provides .
0	This feature nearly eliminates the annoying and potentially dangerous dots in my field of vision from stealing glimpses at the screen at night .
0	Pros Device has a good look and feel big screen but small depth . .
0	4 3 screen makes the visual very easy to see and read road names .
0	Most used items are selectable right from the main map screen or can be toggled through the choices . .
0	Very user friendly with all the functionality available at the main map screen . .
0	I was concerned about the screen freezing I had read about & my screen has frozen once .
0	The screen is the right size and the spoken commands are clear . .
0	It is very simple to use either through touching the screen or voice commands although sometimes it does not respond to my voice commands but that can be expected with the inherent background noises that exist in a moving or running vehicle .
0	I really dig the split screen that comes up when you're about to make a turn so that you know what KIND eg .
0	Touch screen responsive to the lightest tap . .
0	<p> Screen is large crisp and easy to see . .
0	Very helpful if you are looking for a gas station or coffee shop On the other hand you can filter out the POIs that you see roll by so the screen isn't cluttered .
0	The only things that I have had to get used to is sometimes bouncing my fingers on the touch screen resulting in a double click or typing the same alphabet letter twice .
0	The touch screen functions well . .
0	I am supremely impressed with the turn by turn and the ability to select on screen icons .
0	Wide bright screen intuitive menu . .
0	split screen direction feature .
0	unable to darken screen enough . .
0	<p> nice touch screen seemed better more responsive than my tomtom . .
0	nice bright screen . .
0	I usually dont look at the screen much when im driving anyway its pretty reliable and accurate with vocal directions including the stay in the right lane stuff .
0	It's thin with a large screen and looks very nice . .
0	This one is much easier to work and it has a great screen . .
0	I researched all the units on the internet and decided to purchase the 4250 because of the features and the 4 3 screen .
0	I am really happy that I got the Magellan unit with the larger screen .
0	Negatives Touch screen is very sensitive so I frequently get double letters where I only want one . .
0	It works great the screen is bright and easy to see and always seems to get me exactly where I need to go . .
0	I did report this to Tech Support Meanwhile I do like the large screen and the clear and understandable voice . .
0	If you are looking for a really good portable GPS unit with a nice screen this is the one to get . .
0	The controls and screen are very intuitive . .
0	Works great very accurate directions long battery life and easy to read screen . .
0	Love the touch screen and the AAA information .
0	A more recent update further improved routing calculation time and on screen graphics .
0	Split screen view shows a close up simplified view of complicated intersections and a chime like a doorbell tells you when to turn and which way decreasing ding dong for left increasing dong ding for right .
1	Screen is easily washed out in the sun too bright at night even at it's lowest setting .
0	The screen is still easily visible and is more legible since it's partially shielded from the sun .
0	The touch screen is right at my fingertips allowing me to easily adjust the volume or tap it to repeat the last direction . .
1	This was much more difficult with the screen on the windshield .
0	When driving there's very little reason to look at the screen so it really doesn't need to be right up in my face .
0	I glance at it to see the split screen view of an upcoming intersection or to make a volume adjustment and that's about it .
0	The POI's on screen are drilldownable by touching them .
0	Support is a little wonky as I could not get traffic to work at first because 2 different subscriptions showed up on the subscriptions screen the first one being inactive .
0	I prefer the wide screen to some of the units my friends have I like that it announces several times before you get to your turn and does a bell sound well in time for you to make the turn . .
0	The screen is easy to read . .
0	When I plugged in the car charger it went to an instructional screen and just stayed there rendering it inoperable as long as the charger was plugged in .
0	This product is really good but after having used it for a little bit i have noticed a few delays whenever I touch the screen to search for an address etc It also doesn't re calculate routes as fast as other GPS units such as the Garmin C550 <190 value .
0	You can't beat that deal I owned the Nuvi 360 before and I returned it for the sole reason that it doesn't show POI icons on the screen while I drive .
0	The wide screen is easy to see except when bathed in bright sunlight . .
0	The screen size is ideal with larger screen alternatives providing marginal benefit at best . .
0	The screen shows in addition to the map my estimated time or arrival the miles until the next course adjustment and a little diagram of the next turn .
0	The screen helps folks in the back seat see what's up .
0	The screen is easy to read the voice is pleasant and one touch flips the screen between aerial and text views . .
0	The large screen and voice activated commands make it very convenient to use .
0	Directions are clear and the screen is large and easy to read at a glance . .
0	after the first time i turned it on my 4250 began to stop stalling on me on the opening screen .
0	I like the amount of warning signals the unit provides before your turn and the split screen as you get close .
0	I've read other reviews that the touch screen seems to delay or not respond at times . .
0	A screen then appears with a lits of commands it will respond to .
0	The Where Am I command is a great feature for a GPS to have and it should have been put on the front screen of all units An error all GPS's seem to have is confusing postal addresses with the city addresses .
0	Also this unit speaks the name of each street you need to turn on it's really nice not to have to look at the screen to get the street name and it even knows the names of the really small streets .
0	The screen is also really bright and clear very easy to see . .
0	And I love the touch screen it works great and it is easy to hit the right button although I would recommend a screen protector as everything you do requires that you touch the screen . .
0	The bad The first one I received worked for approximately 2 hours and gave me the blue screen of death where it stuck .
0	Basically it would show the blue Magellan screen with a progress bar . .
0	It sometimes takes a long time to start up and does not respond to me touching the screen .
0	Well a couple of days after we had been using it the inital start up screen with the hour glass froze and I panicked .
0	The Magellan's screen is bigger which is great .
0	There is no touch screen function while users have experienced random freezing of the display .
0	Fast forward to GPS units of 2007 2008 and we have nice slim touch screen GPS units with better than average processing speed . .
0	There is also a problem which the screen sometimes does not respond properly .
0	This again may be more of a problem to users with bigger fingers as small icons and points of interests are lined up on the screen .
0	You can explore the surrounding area of where you're currently at by tapping into any of the points of interests presented on the screen . .
1	The screen is very bright even at the lowest setting . .
0	However thanks to it's touch screen feature the arrangement is much easier and less hazardous .
0	When I power it via the cigarette lighter socket it just simply gets stuck on the warning screen .
0	What should happen is that it displays the obligatory warning screen then disappears to display the map .
0	Sometimes it's just there on the screen .
0	The screen is easy to view . .
0	While it can be nice to just say what you need the GPS to do I've given up and resorted to touching the screen to get what I want in a reasonable time frame .
0	TomTom also allows the screen brightness to be controlled in gradients and dims the screen as the ambient light falls whereas the 4250 only has a night and day mode with the setting of brightness the user chooses and does not dim or brighten as the lighting condition change .
0	The 4 3 inch screen is sized amazingly large enough to view anything from small detailed directon to overviewing a large portion of the map . .
0	Easy to use and nice size screen . .
0	The 4 3 inch screen is very clear and easy to see in both day and night conditions . .
0	<p> love the larger screen . .
1	My only complaint with the screen is that the unit is still too bright when in night mode and the brightness is set to the lowest level .
0	When you receive a text message an icon appears on the map and you can read the message directly on the screen .
0	When you have the unit plugged into the FM power receiver you'll see an icon on the bottom right hand of the screen indicating traffic status or if there are any issues on the way to your destination . .
0	It was easy to use and worked extremely well clear directions good volume sharp screen and good graphics . .
0	I never got around to registering or updating the unit until the screen froze a few days ago .
0	I really like the screen view it provides so that you know when to turn in advance giving you time to approach your turn . .
0	I felt that the road and street information on the map screen could use larger print .
0	It has all the features that I was looking for turn by turn navigation bluetooth calling 4 3 in screen .
0	The touch screen is very responsive . .
0	I paid extra for a yearly subscription to the traffic monitoring service congestion shows up as yellow lines on the on screen route map .
0	I pressed the bottom of the screen to switch menus and it cracked Not a little one either but a star shaped crack that went all the way across the bottom of the screen .
0	I called Magellan customer support that Monday and they would accept it for repairs but it turns out that the touch screen is the only part of the unit not covered under warranty .
0	If you can price touch screen replacement to the penny this cracking must be an ongoing and pervasive problem with these units .
0	After a call to Magellan customer support I found that the touch screen was apparently unrepairable and Magellan had sent me an entirely new unit with a different serial number .
0	But Magellan Give us poor schlubs a warranty for that touch screen It's the Achilles' heel of the whole unit .
0	It was selected because of the screen size price and the inclusion of software for Canada since we were planning on a trip to New Brunswick PEI and Nova Scotia .
0	Small things like estimated time of arrival ease of use it is very easy to use and screen clarity are appreciated . .
0	While that's kind of neat the first time stating Magellan nearest coffee and being presented options that I can vocally navigate to by glancing at the screen and selecting the number of the associated place or moving to the next page by saying next or previous is more functional .
0	<p> Very nice large screen . .
0	The case gives you very limited space to grasp the device and when you touch the screen some times it changes the view or the volume settings .
0	The touch screen is quite responsive and easy to use . .
0	It sometimes seems to 'stick' at the lawyer garbage screen even when I press the ok button .
0	They separate the different names with a in the screen .
0	You can see the alternate names on the screen .
0	The screen is sharp and clear and bright . .
0	Still this is a very nice screen and is easy to read in every lighting condition I've hit yet . .
0	The blue tooth is not that good why would you need to dial numbers from the GPS screen IT IS EASIER TO dial from your phone directly some time with out looking at your phone .
0	You get about what you'd expect from a GPS unit pus a screen that's small enough not to intrude on the driver's sight pattern yet large enough to allow for easy manipulation when you're driving as long as you're not wearing gloves . .
0	I also wish I could make the screen a bit brighter and the volume a bit louder . .
0	The bluetooth works with my T Mobile phone but I have to remember to disconnect the connection through the Magellan screen .
0	If I happen to turn off my cell phone without disconnecting first from Magellan then the Magellan screen will lock up and I will have to reset push the button at the bottom of the unit to get out of the locked up screen .
0	It has a nice wide screen and is very easy to use . .
0	I did have an issue where the touch screen would not go into paired mode .
0	I am age 77 and figured it out on the first try as to the touch screen navigation .
0	This one has a wider screen which is nice. .
0	SCREEN CLARITY This is my first but I've seen my future son in law's older model .
0	The wide screen is definitely a good thing . .
0	Yesterday I came to a Y where it was a toss up which was the continue on road and a quick glance at the screen was all it took just a second of eyes off the road to see the highlighted route .
0	Screen Lock From the way it's explained like one sentence you get the impression that this simply stops the screen from responding if you touch it by mistake .
0	in other words that if you put it on screen lock it would keep giving you directions .
0	Not so Screen Lock also means the voice directions stop and after about 30 seconds the screen goes dark .
0	You can touch it again and it'll refresh but everything seems to sleep with it on Screen Lock So I don't know WHAT the purpose of it is .
0	Touch screen works great . .
0	It has a wider screen than my old GPS and the screen is less affected by glare .
0	3 No dedicated button for volume and screen brightness . .
0	<p> glad we bought the wide screen . .
0	Only wishes for Garmin are 1 make the touch screen more sensitive I made several errors when typing in an address due to having to touch hard 2 get some equestrian maps for TEXAS I ride and love to explore new trails . .
0	The pictures on the screen are nice and crisp the voice on it pleasant and clear though I'm told that depending where you're getting your signal from that the voice can change I wouldn't know because I won't get to use this unit since I purchased it as a gift . .
0	The large screen and voice feature are must haves and I am glad I chose it rather than the smaller one .
0	Like for instance say you are driving in a 45 mile zone well the other Gamin's I have used would say the speed limit on the screen and also how fast you are going so that was really cool wish this had that feature but oh well . .
0	All and all a very good wider screen a plus for viewing voice quality Fair needs improved . .
0	Simple to use all the main features needed for navigation and the screen is easily readable . .
0	The colorful wide screen display shows you a lot more of the map area and makes it easy to use and handle . .
0	This unit does't speak the name of the street coming up but it is clearly displayed on the top of the screen . .
0	I would have liked the screen to be a bit more sensitive to touch . .
0	It is reliable the screen is big the option buttons are large and the voice options are fun The only downside is that the advertising failed to mention that it came with a charger and holder . .
0	Big screen good directions . .
0	He loves the large screen and the dash mounting . .
0	If you are in a bind and need something just punch in the screen and there it is .
0	Glad that we went the the wide screen .
0	4 3 screen is quite satisfactory . .
0	Pros Large screen good touch responsiveness inexpensive straight forward interface . .
0	The wide screen and updated features helped in my selection as well as the fact updating the maps in my older Garmin would cost more than half of this new model . .
0	Garmin has made a sharp clear screen with easy to read directions speed and time to target . .
0	Great screen large picture and loud computer voice very happy with this product .
0	had a few issues in NH Mountains loosing the signal but once the Satellite was picked up the screen and voice came back on and it was back on track .
0	Nice bright and clear screen . .
0	It also is a widescreen touch screen and calls out the name of the streets like my top of the line Garmin .
0	I can read the screen without reading glasses which I do not wear while driving .
0	Larger 4 3 screen is nice makes it easier to read and enter items . .
0	The screen is much better than earlier versions . .
0	I purchased this Garmin GPS because of it's features large screen spoken directions .
0	Nice clear screen with decent if not great volume levels . .
0	By tapping at the top of the screen you can see the next several turns . .
0	The touch screen works very accurate the screen is clear the options are great search nearby restaurants gas stations avoid traffic go off road are amongst the many different options it offers and the voices are clear and understandable . .
0	I've seen the smaller screen and like the wide one much better . .
0	Some of the good things about this product is the touch screen and bells a whistles .
0	You can customize the screen to fit your every whim even have an Elf talk to you and watch a Christmas tree on the map instead of an arrow or car .
0	The touch screen would work better if I didn't have such fat fingers but it works well enough . .
0	I have no need for features such as internet connection cell phone connection etc and just wanted a wide screen and voice on my GPS .
0	<p> Screen is big and easy to read . .
0	The wide screen and simple graphics are much more easy to look at then the built in brand .
0	The touch screen is another great feature eleminating the need to fool around with buttons on the car dashboard . .
0	The screen is also a little larger than most others so it is easy to see when glancing at it while driving .
0	The screen size is just large enough .
0	The screen is bright and mapping is intuitive while the larger 4 3 screen offers much better usability in my opinion then the more conventional 3 5 screen GPSs . .
0	The screen is easy to see and make sense of . .
0	I purchased a Garmin GPS in 2002 and was so dissatisfied with it i e tiny screen too many buttons that I returned it to Amazon after one trial run .
0	The screen is even easy for my senior citizen eyes to read and the user interface and operation is so easy . .
1	The other problems including the unit freezing at least 3 times that I can recall where I had to reset it with a paperclip and the screen is way too bright in the night mode even when turned completely down . .
0	The nuvi 260 is widescreen and has considerably more screen real estate than does the nuvi 200 .
0	You don't really notice too much while you are just viewing the map since most of the detail is concentrated in the middle of the screen anyways .
0	It does make text entry easier the widescreen is a better analogue to a standard keyboard and by default the touch screen keyboard is laid out in QWERTY style .
0	The wider screen is very easy to see & is a definate plus over their smaller square versions . .
0	The text to speech is clear the screen is more than bright enough the maps are large on the 4 3 inch screen . .
0	I regularly use it on battery power which is long 4 or 5 hours even more if you turn down the screen brightness .
0	First of the 4 3 screen is amazingly huge and the touch screen typing is a breeze . .
0	It worked perfectly without any trouble and the big screen is a plus .
0	It has a bright wide screen that displays the raods well along with a voice that is easy to listen to . .
1	It is easy to make mistakes which means you usually need to go back to the main screen and start over very frustrating when you are lost .
1	The only drawback I've found is that you have to leave the map and go to the main screen to adjust the volume which could be annoying if you get a phone call or something but if you're driving with the volume turned up it probably means you're very unfamiliar with your surroundings and should be focusing on getting where you're going I also wish they would have included the USB cable so you can get map updates .
0	The screen was large enough and very clear . .
0	My wife has used the NUVI around town and finds it easy to use likes the screen size and it is helpful in getting to places . .
0	Simply put it is easy to use has a nice size screen that is very clear and easy to see and has excellent voice directions . .
0	Easy to use awesome screen size and price . .
0	This would have led to inappropriate entrances and exits from the interstate but we figured this out quickly and paid closer attention to the map on the screen .
0	The 3d View is way cool at 4 3 inches The Screen shows parks lakes rivers and airports that are near your route of travel .
0	Easy on screen touch keyboard for entering address data .
0	The 4 3 inch screen is better than the 3 5 and easily viewable from my dash holder . .
0	What I decided I needed after mentally toying with the numerous options was a 4 3 screen and text to speech .
0	I cannot imagine looking at a smaller screen nor trying to find a place for a larger screen .
0	The screen is very bright and viewable . .
0	There is no need to look at the screen while driving because the voice directions are so good and give so much warning for turns etc .
0	I chose this GPS because it is the least expensive one that has Text to speech TTS feature and also wide screen .
0	Just remember you have to REMOVE the little plastic cover to actually see the screen We thought there for a moment the thing wasn't working Peeled off the plastic screen and VOILA everything was working just fine .
0	I used Garmin products before and I upgraded to this GPS for a bigger screen and more features .
0	The nice bigger screen more features easy usage and accuracy of this GPS . .
0	The unit is just the right size portable but with a large enough screen . .
0	The wide screen makes viewing much easier . .
0	The screen is clear easy to read and the turn by turn directions are much easier to follow ahead of time . .
0	It is very easy to use and has a large screen .
0	I wanted the larger screen .
0	It pronounces the street names the screen is large & bright even in direct sunlight you can still see it perfectly and as long as you turn it on while you're outside it'll pick up the satellite fairly quickly about a minute . .
0	The visual reminder at the top of the screen alerting you of your next action is nice . .
0	It is so easy to use and I love the wide screen . .
0	1 Screen size larger screen size makes for easy viewing .
0	The only complain is the written directions are on a separate screen from the map .
0	It would be nice to have the next turn avalable on the main screen .
0	I would recommend this product with its wide screen .
0	The wider screen is a definite advantage and the optional bean bag mount for the dash works well . .
0	Sure it's an older model and there are probably cooler models out there but seriously why would you use WiFi on this Or Bluetooth for that matter Nor do you really want it synking with your radio station if for some reason you don't hear what it says it gives written instructions on the screen as well I probably listen to my music too loud most of the time but I have to keep this unit at about 70% volume because it's capable of being REALLY loud . .
0	Also this being an older unit the touch screen isn't quite what we come to expect these days the iPhone and other devices blow this out of the water .
0	The wide screen is worth the extra bucks . .
0	My good result was achieved by carefully reading and following all on screen directions .
0	The screen sound & accuracy love everything about it . .
0	The screen is much improved over previous smaller sized screens and appears easier to see and read . .
0	You can adjust the brightness or have it automatically adjust according to the time of day adjust the volume save addresses by typing them in or by being in a location and pressing the car on the screen which will prompt you to save the present location . .
0	It's small and can be carried in your pocket yet the screen is sufficiently sized for easy reading while driving . .
0	It has pedestrian bicycle and vehicle modes and offers a variety of languages for both on screen display and turn by turn directions .
0	While en route to a selected destination the screen displays where you are on a map the distance until the next turn and in which direction that turn will be a speedometer a compass and a clock .
0	A friend of mine had used a narrow screen model that did not announce street names and he was of the opinion that speaking the street names was of utmost importance and the widescreen display would probably be useful in seeing more of the map at once .
0	The widescreen display is less must have than TTS but I would still recommend getting it over the narrow screen .
0	The information that the GPS displays while in guided driving mode is useful but considering that we have lots of screen real estate with the widescreen model not much information is available without having to go into other screens .
0	My reasons for buying this one were it does all the basic stuff I need want where am I and it adds a wider screen I can unclip it for portable use and even though I don't likely won't use it it comes with a card reader suporting a few of those bells and whistles people seem to think are important .
0	Screen brightness and volume are perfect .
0	It is very very easy to use and the wider screen and the voice technology is very convenient worth spending the extra money we believe .
1	For example the touch screen buttons aren't as responsive as I would have expected so you have to enter data pretty slowly and 2 It has already been inaccurate once in Elmsford NY even though I've only had the unit for about a month . .
0	I'm very pleased with the screen brightness and color and effectively reduced the brightness down to 30% for longer battery life . .
0	The touch screen feature works beautifully and is one of the reasons this unit is so easy to navigate . .
0	I drive and glance at the screen and hear the directions without loosing my concentration .
0	The screen is wide enough and I feel secure when I drive my car through unknown roads . .
0	Speaker is nice and loud screen is bright and clear touchscreen is very responsive . .
0	If you're in the market for a compact and portable street talking GPS for use in vehicle bicycle or pedestrian mode the GARMIN NUVI 260W Wide Screen would be an excellent choice . .
0	Touch screen features are easily accessible and intuitive meaning easy to use This isn't a high learning curve device so it's fun to use . .
0	Screen brightness and voice sound levels are all crisp clear and adjustable You can use the GPS right out of the box with the included DC adapter for in the vehicle use or for recharging your 260W .
0	A carrying case really helps protect your GPS and a removable protective plastic sheet designed for the 260W screen would complete the system .
0	It's a nice thin unit and everything is touch screen .
0	The only button is the on off It also switches automatically from daylight screen to night view though you can turn that off if you don't like it .
0	Also sometimes it tells me keep left or keep right when it seems unnecessary even with the current maps but the screen is clear enough . .
0	It's never a problem and screen labeling makes it easy to navigate . .
0	After all my research for the price functionality size of screen the 260W is still the way to go .
0	It's a straight up workhorse GPS with a big screen .
0	When driving to a new address I can't wait to use it and preloading in your favorites which is really easy you can just touch the screen to start going really easy .
0	The screen of this one is perfect when the sun is at top it just dont bother you .
0	Oh and by the way I use Wally World eyeglass cleaner to get the fingerprints off the screen .
0	I especially like the response of the touch screen and being able to switch from the 3d view to the 2d view with just a touch .
0	Features I love The text to speech option is wonderful the auto dimming night screen auto recalculate if you miss a turn the zoom in out screen option the absolute confidence I have when driving since I got it . .
0	I decided to wait until a wide screen GPS came out that didn't have so many bells and whistles and was priced fairly .
0	I like the fact the screen is very clear and refreshes quickly . .
0	I can even use my polarized sunglasses with the Garmin 260W screen and it does not distort the screen colors or have numerous horizontal lines if you use polarized glasses make sure to try out any GPS screen before you buy .
0	Overall the unit is amazing and the larger screen size of 4 3 inches really helps those with fat fingers and those that don't want to squint to read a map . .
0	The wide screen turn by turn voice directions and the latest maps A real bargain .
0	Great graphics clear and bright screen . .
0	Everything else is touch screen .
0	The 4 3 inch wide screen is clear and colorful . .
0	You can zoom in or out and there is enough screen space to see where you are going even exit numbers . .
0	PLUS wide screen good database of local shopping airports stores automatic day night background switch no external antenna needed . .
0	The only problem A dead pixel in the middle of the screen which is no big deal but undesired for a new product .
0	My husband received this GPS for Fathers Day We had discussed getting one for quite a while but decided we did not need one as we pretty much went to the same places over and over and knew our way Well little did we know WE LOVE THIS GPS The screen is large enought for us seniors to see the voice that gives the instructions is loud and clear and we have actually found short cuts that we did not know existed .
0	I bought the 4 3 screen for ease of use and visability while driving and am glad I went with the larger screen . .
0	The screen is large and clear . .
0	Its pros are the wide screen easy to mount easy to use tons of POIs routes it chooses value and no extra features that you will never use . .
0	This GPS has worked great The screen is nice and bright and it is so easy to use all of the features . .
0	The touch screen options are user friendly and carry a wide array of options including detours and fuel stops . .
0	Maps are easy to see with the wider screen too .
0	My Garmin Nuvi 4 3 inch screen is all I had hoped it would be .
0	I love the text to speech feature which is very natural the instructions are usually very clear but it is worth glancing at the green bar at the top of the screen to see the full instruction . .
0	wide screen is the way to go .
0	Although GPS are becoming obsolete due to fact that most of smart mobile phones already have it I still like the idea of a portable GPS with a wide screen and easy to read and handle and this one does what it takes to be a great companion on the road . .
0	I had a Tom Tom before it broke in less than 3 years screen was a lot smaller it was sluggish picking up signal and paid $350 .
0	Good GPS big screen and easy to use but I just learnt about a recall because of battery issue from on this model and several others here is the official site . .
0	Good basic GPS with essentials Big clear screen street names voice commands points of interest when you make a wrong turn it re calculates to get you back on the proper route . .
0	I do like the wide 4 3 inch screen .
0	Just so I won't miss any phone calls because they flash up on the screen .
0	It is an aural clue and does not require that you look at the GPS screen while driving .
0	Just listen and Greta will tell you well in advance what to do at an upcoming street no peeking at the GPS screen required just safe driving . .
0	The screen size is appropriately large and bright .
0	The 4 3 inch screen makes it very easy to see and type and the voice street by street directions are a must I would definitly recommend this exact unit to any perspective buyer . .
0	This GPS albeit discontinued is an excellent large screen device . .
0	The screen size is ideal big enough to see small enough not to block much . .
0	And I would also recommend getting a screen protector for the unit . .
0	The touch screen is nice but finger prints are obvious after only a single use . .
0	I like being able to see where I am going on the screen which is a great size . .
0	But a quick look at the screen to see the street name and then you say OH that's what it was .
0	The 4 3 screen size is just right for us and the voice directions are clear and appropriately timed to make the correct turns . .
0	It gave great directions and the screen was easy to read . .
0	The screen is viewable from the driver's seat and easily readable . .
0	It has a wide screen and gives you accurate driving info without the bells and whistles that would make the system cost alot more . .
0	The wide screen is far superior to the old standard sized screen . .
0	I like the extra room the wide screen offers It was definitly worth the additional cost .
0	First the screen is clear and easy to understand . .
0	The screen is nice and big and I like how this one says the street names . .
0	I recommend this size screen for use in cars the smaller size for walking or cycling . .
0	It makes the screen too busy in areas with lots of inland lakes like Michigan .
0	The car speed on the screen was more accurate than my car's speedometer and the spoken directions took me right to the front door I was visiting . .
0	I like the new model but have had some problem with it getting stuck on the very first screen where you need to agree .
0	The wider screen is great and we do not need fancy extras just the basic GPS system . .
0	The widescreen really adds a lot compared to the square screen GSP I used to have .
0	The wide screen was worth the wait for this model . .
0	Just found if you push the small MPH button to the left of the menu a new screen pops up with all kinds of information .
0	I especially liked the larger 4 3 inch screen and it was most helpful hearing the street names for where we were to turn .
0	This GPS really has almost nothing you can customize regarding the appearance of the screen .
0	Other programs let you put POI's points of interest on the screen as icons and pick the types that show up .
0	This can slow down the screen rate so this might be why this is not available .
0	Other GPS's allow you to customize the information presented on the screen such as including direction etc .
0	But often required resting reading glasses on the end of my nose so I could make sense of the information and imagines on the small screen .
0	I am very glad I went with the wider screen .
0	But 5 stars because just cannot beat the big wide bright screen . .
0	The 4 3 screen is plenty big and the visibility even in harsh sunlight is terrific .
0	Very accurate maps larger touch screen clear voices turn by turn this thing has it all . .
0	The screen is very large so its easier to use without taking your attention off the road too much .
0	The wide screen is great too nice and large and easy to read . .
0	In fact I've never seen the unit fail to lock by the time I get to the map screen .
0	Ironically pronunciation of street names makes looking at the screen largely unnecessary .
0	The screen has better clearity and you can see the next street name well before your next turn . .
0	4 Would like to see food gas etc icons on the screen as you travel .
0	If you want to get back to the main screen you must enter a series of back commands rather that moving to the main screen in one option .
0	To get to food POIs you must touch screen 4 times to get there and 4 times to get back to the map if you don't select anything this is a pain while driving .
0	I love the touch screen . .
0	Because of the ease of the touch screen I am able to put in the information much quicker than with other nav systems I have used that were not touch screen . .
0	The wider screen is also helpful and makes viewing the screen quicker so that you only have to take your eyes off the road for a second to view where you are and where you need to go . .
1	After three years the screen sensor stopped working rendering it useless .
0	Plus the improved graphics over my older model gives you an arrow on the upper left of the screen next to the next street name the miles to go before the turn .
0	The 4 2 inch screen is very readable even in direct sunlight . .
0	The larger screen really helps out when you are driving .
0	The quality of the screen seems to make it even more compelling not to watch the road while you are driving .
0	I am happy I paid the extra bucks for the bigger screen .
0	He really likes how big the screen is and the ease of operation . .
0	The tap screen is simple to use .
0	The screen is easy to read and instructions are easily accessed . .
0	I love showing off my pictures on the wide screen .
0	It has some nicer features like turns coming up spoken directions and maps in one screen .
0	Sensational products screen suction cup and power cable are all excellent I replaced a similar unit that was stolen when I foolishly left my car unlocked overnight .
0	This model has nice features with a wider screen turn by turn navigation and even the price of gas at nearby gas stations . .
0	I knew I wanted the wide screen and street name announce other than that my needs were pretty basic .
0	The on screen prompts are simple to follow .
0	1 The wide and bigger screen makes it easy for me to read the text on the screen while driving . .
0	The screen is wide and clear . .
0	Great screen visibility TTS clear and correct pronunciation works pretty well for what it was designed to do . .
0	Intuitive touch screen clear and precise spoken directions gets me to where I want to go . .
0	It has a nice readable screen even for someone who has to wear glasses . .
0	The wide screen is nice . .
1	It's bulkier than expected but that's probably due to the big screen .
0	After a little use and an ocassional peek at the screen it all meshed together and you wonder how you lived without it .
1	I don't need the screen to show me that there's a Jack in the Box to my right if I can also see it right outside of my windshield .
1	slow to the touch Yeah the screen is quite slow when I'm entering in an address .
1	Just because it's a touch screen don't expect it to work just as fast as your cellphone's touch screen .
0	I need a case for mine because I don't want it to get scratched up and I am always carrying the cord and the screen with me in my purse .
0	I choose the 260W for ease of use and it had all the features I was looking for including a large screen and verbal anouncements .
0	The interface is intuitive the screen size is adequate the annoucement of street names makes it easier to follow and the maps are accurate . .
0	Compared to IGo none all the information is displayed on the main screen .
0	I think Garmin thinks to be as clear as possible so that it is more easy to follow the screen . .
0	On the other hand I prefer all the stats will be dispaled while on the main screen map screen .
0	This is worth it for the money With a wide screen it is very easy to see the map . .
0	You never have to look at the screen since the voice speaks to you .
0	I like the wide screen format light weight and portability of my Garmin n&uuml vi 260W . .
0	I'm very glad I spent the extra $ and got the wide screen it is much easier to see and use than the smaller screen . .
0	Glad I got the 4 3 screen with all the features of the 260W and don't need all the other features of more expensive units .
0	1 Good price almost the least expensive and it had a nice screen . .
0	If you don't use a screen saver expect to scratch the screen enough to make the unit useless in about 18 months of regular use . .
0	I wanted a GPS with the larger screen and also spoke the actual street names .
0	However the price was great the screen easy to see and it has more options than my last Garmin . .
0	I would suggest the purchase of a protective screen cover and I plan on buying a dashboard mount . .
0	I really like the wide screen as it is easy to see all of the information . .
0	I love the wider screen . .
0	Love the wider screen and that it says the street names .
0	Only gripe is that sometimes it gives you the long way around and you can't automatically go back to the main screen if you've started something already .
0	I am happy I paid the extra bucks for the bigger screen .
0	It was exactly what we were looking for & he loved the larger screen . .
0	Without it you will staring at the screen waiting for the update to see if you are nearing your turn .
0	With this feature you can listen without the need to be looking at the screen .
0	I bought the same one that same weekend and I have loved how it works since Not only are directions given to a particular destination but I can search restaurants shops gas stations and choices will be provided on the screen .
0	I just plugged it into the cigarette lighter and played around with its touch screen and in a few minutes was ready to go anywhere in the USA .
0	The screen brightness is adjustable and works pretty good in all lighting . .
0	The screen is large enough to see and the turn by turn directions are easy to follow . .
0	The screen is large and is easy to use and the voice is clear and not over bearing .
0	The wide screen was definitely a must and I'm glad I chose it as well .
0	I was so pleased to see how the Garmin immediately recognized my contacts and they are all up on the Garmin screen .
0	The unit is very user friendly and the screen is nice and big and bright . .
0	I found that the screen reacts slowly from time to time almost like its locking up .
0	It pulls in my contact list from my cell phone making it much easier to call people because you can actually read the screen when you're driving .
0	There is a microphone that attaches to the top of your steering wheel and you can say find rest area and the nearest one will pop up or say find restaurant and the restaurant list will pop up say down and the screen will scroll down for you .
0	Other wise you have to take your eyes off the road to watch the info on the screen This unit does not have this feature .
0	The screen in particular is a pleasure to view .
0	Like on my 780 I can't configure the screen as I'd like . .
0	Cannot find a way to display the number of miles remaining to the destination on the map screen can view it with one touch to get to the trip computer however .
0	However even when it is working it requires that you look at the screen to get your next choices as they are all numbered .
1	It also beats having to keep reaching out to touch the screen which is distracting while driving .
1	I wish it showed traffic conditions speed traffic is moving directly on the route screen instead of having to go to another screen .
0	And since you don't have to look at the screen or touch it you can do this while driving and making turns and stuff .
0	Entering addresses is such a breeze using the querty keyboard on the very responsive touch screen that I haven't bothered to try speaking the addresses . .
0	Or search for one by category e g grocery restaurant Italian restaurant hospital police station etc just say the category or use the touch screen .
0	Also twice while hooking up to my PC the screen said updating Bluetooth firmware ran to 48% and then rebooted .
0	You push the button and then speak any text displayed on the screen such as Menu or Traffic You can also speak the names of Points of Interests for which you'd like the unit to search for example Starbucks This greatly improves the safety of the unit as you don't have to fiddle with it while driving .
0	Wait until SHE walks you through each screen otherwise she repeats your options all over again .
0	For me having to press a couple buttons on the touch screen or wade through the page down process to make calls is something I can deal with .
0	Use the touch screen and it works fine . .
1	I activated the MSN Direct feature but overall I did not find it that useful it was hard to discern some information on the screen .
0	It provides an easy to use touch screen and automatic adjustment to day and night settings . .
0	This product is easy to operate with a simple touch screen menu .
0	To tap around on a GPS screen is the same as texting while driving .
0	One can get the same information from the 885t but has to hit the green bar at the top and then the Show Map at the bottom to read the travel time and distance at the bottom of the following screen .
0	Although the 885t is a later design it lacks the faster screen refresh rate of the 7X5t series . .
0	Consequently the flagship's screen jerks down as you progress along your way instead of the smooth glide the 7X5t has .
0	Unlike the 7X5t the 885t does not have icons on the screen to allow you to switch between 2D 3D rotate view and 3D buildings or landmarks view .
0	The 7X5t series have a second microphone hole on the side of the screen to improve microphone reception quality . .
0	The 885t has a better touch screen more sensitive and precise than the 7X5t . .
0	A sensitive and precise screen is desirable . .
0	o Backup camera capability so you can view what is behind you on the 885t's screen .
0	You merely call out the function name as it is listed on the screen and it will open that particular function .
0	The and symbols on the map screen can be changed by voice by saying plus or minus not zoom in or zoom out .
0	The unit has a 4 in wide screen which is excellent for viewing maps horizontally . .
0	It would be nice if the unit could be switched to operate the map screen vertically as well . .
0	When driving nearby streets tend to scroll off the screen quicker horizontally making it harder to catch the cross street names as you approach them . .
0	On a vertical screen you would have a few extra seconds to be able to do this .
0	To test it I took alternate routes to my daughters home and each time I diverted from the route on the screen it immediately recalculated and still took me there with out a problem I would highly recommend this product it works as advertised .
0	When shopping for a new unit I wasn't convinced that I needed the 5 screen as my old 4 3 unit was mounted next to the rear view mirror and about 22 from my face and I could read the screen just fine .
0	After getting to my destination I wanted to test the boot time so I shut the unit completely off and then turned it back on I did this several times to get an average boot time and was ready to navigate at the Where To Show Map screen in 13 seconds every time I turned it on .
0	Using the 50LM side by side with my 205w they operate very similarly if you own one you will be right at home with the new one the 50LM is faster has smoother map scrolling has better touch response on the screen and even though the resolution is the same the 5 screen of the 50LM looks noticeable sharper and the difference in size is very noticeable . .
0	One other thing I noticed is the 50LM has very accurate speed zones if I'm in a 35mph zone and then it switches to 50 the unit updates the on screen speed zone within a second of physically passing the street sign .
0	I cant comment further on the volume level or speech clarity I have mine muted while driving and just frequently glance at the arrow on the screen for guidance . .
0	The screen is really bright and I find that for me a comfortable adjustment is at 40% brightness in either day or night driving . .
0	Again comparing this with my older 205w I REALLY like the speed and sensitivity of this touchscreen much better its almost like texting on an iphone just light taps whereas the 205w even after numerous screen calibrations would take 2 3 taps of certain keys to get them to register .
0	Map scrolling is much smoother and faster also just swipe your finger across the screen while in 2D mode and the map rolls smoothly almost too fast at times I occasionally have to remind myself to scroll slower so as not to overshoot my targeted area .
0	It guided me to my job destination like always but after my job I turned the unit on to enter my next jobs address and all I got was a black screen with a faint GARMIN logo I tried rebooting it several times and never got past the first Logo screen .
0	I bought this unit to replace a Tom Tom One it works well and I love the large screen . .
0	Wide Screen Display Allows QWERTY keyboard .
0	I don't notice a remarkable difference but if it means I spend half a second less focusing on the GPS screen while driving then of course that is worth it .
0	Bigger is better when it comes to GPS screen size .
0	With Junction View you see the actual Road Sign of your exit but it does so by splitting your 5 screen in half one to show Lane Assist and the other half to show Junction View .
0	So what does that mean It means your 5 GPS screen now becomes a 2 5 GPS screen that you actually spend more time staring at trying to see how much longer before you have to exit .
0	Get this model if you want a 5 screen versus a 4 3 .
0	I had a Garmin 255w before this and this one has a better touch screen better response to the satellites and looks very clean . .
0	Easy to use and has a nice clear looking screen . .
0	good rendering good screen size . .
0	THE SPLIT SCREEN HAPPENS AUTOMATICALLY AND ACTUALLY SHOWS YOU THE OFF RAMPS AND THE ARROW TO FOLLOW ITS SO GOOD .
0	but I am happy with the enhanced graphic feature and larger screen comparing to my old GPS . .
0	My only minor complaint is that I can't change the volume mute from the main screen .
0	Screen is plenty big has one lever suction base for window or dash EASY .
0	The larger screen the lane assist feature and lifetime map updates make this unit a major improvement Setup was easy .
0	The larger screen is terrific and the Garmin dependability and reliability exceed the previous two . .
0	The larger screen is alot easier to see in my truck . .
0	The large screen and split screen turn info is terrific .
0	This screen is way large and the GPS antenna is fast to connect to the satts .
0	The Garmin nuvi 50LM has a Large screen easy to read like all Garmins very easy to use and set up . .
0	Split screen lane assist some reviewers did not like it but I like it .
0	The screen is larger and at a very decent price with new features and changes that continue to improve the product's quality .
0	I've also been impressed by the auto fade feature that turns down the brightness of the screen based on the time of day .
0	Having a screen at 100% in pitch dark would be blinding even with a black background .
0	Large five inch screen with adequate space to display relevant information while navigating . .
0	Plus since the screen is bigger I got the 4 3 model than the Nuvi 200 it is must easier to type .
0	The 5 screen is wonderful . .
0	I need reading glasses to see detail up close and was surprised how much of a difference the larger screen makes .
0	The audio directions clear and the screen map is easy to read . .
0	Lane guidance splits the screen one of the things I hated about the Tom Tom was the lane guidance feature with Garmin you get half map half lane guidance . .
0	Screen re draw at times lagged somewhat glitchy but never a problem with missing a direction .
0	I bought the 50 instead of the 40 because it was only like $5 more on amazon and you get a much bigger screen .
0	Be aware though 5 inches is a pretty large screen to have in your windshield . .
0	Plus is the large screen which does help especially if you are over forty .
0	Like the 5 screen easier to read . .
0	the 5in screen is a good size . .
0	Its big screen is great . .
0	Really if you want a navigation box this does great with a big screen for a low price . .
0	I like the Nuvi 50 because the screen is bigger and it provides all the tools we need when travelling .
0	I have an Etrex for hiking and biking but find I carry this one in my pocket because of the big screen and ease of use . .
0	ok i been wonting a gps but the ones i been wonting have been all over $200 then garmen listen to the pepole wonts needs and deliver the nuvi 50LM i know it comes in two outher size but trust me u wont the 5 screen .
0	The screen is vibrant and does well in bright sun and at night which was a key feature I looked for since her eyesight isn't the greatest . .
0	I really like the big 4 3 screen . .
0	5 inches screen version is very helpfull for people using progressive lenses for driving .
0	<p> Screen is more sensitive and brighter than my old 265wt with better viewing angles . .
0	I like the larger screen and the audible instructions are clear and accurate . .
0	Driver should definitely pay attention to the image on the screen as well just in case . .
0	If you want a 5in screen and don't care about traffic updates this is for you .
0	The N&Uuml VI 40 incorporates all the above and I found the 4 3 screen a nice compromise between portability and readability . .
0	It makes some funny noises so you know they are there and shows a picture of the camera on the screen .
0	I really like the 5 screen . .
0	The 3D signs the speed limit sign that changes color if you go over and the multiple lanes in the upper left of screen are just a few .
0	The 5 screen is great and the grafics are wonderful . .
0	The split screen showing how many lanes turn are very helpful .
1	I decided against the comparable TomTom unit because reviewers stated that the TomTom screen wasn't as bright as they'd like and was particularly difficult to see in bright daylight . .
0	when I'm driving down the highway the number one thing I need from a gps unit besides accuracy is to be able to hear it clearly and see the screen clearly . .
0	else what good is it to me If I can't see and hear it clearly I may be distracted from focusing on my driving and the more distractions the less safe is one's driving and who wants to have to pull over to see hear the dang gps Reviewers of the Garmin Nuvi 50 generally said the screen was large enough and bright enough and the audio was plenty loud enough even when the volume was not at highest setting . .
0	When I read reviews comparing the 5 screen to even slightly smaller screens the 5 won out being large enough to accommodate a nice sized view of the map as well as written content in top bottom or side margins .
0	So I wanted a bigger for my old eyes screen and lifetime map updates .
0	I love the large 5 color screen . .
0	Color screen shows you the road ahead and names all the side streets .
0	Keeps you in the right lane and a GREAT split screen view of highway junctions as you approach them .
0	Sattelite recognition occurs in 2 3 seconds and then the Nagavate Screen map appears .
0	The screen is so much bigger compared to my old magellan roadmate 2000 .
0	I have found the 4 3 inch screen size to be the optimal size .
0	The two features I absolutely require are the speed limit on the screen and the lane guidance . .
0	This is my first Garmin out of three that goes into a split screen mode and shows the interstate signage as you come upon an exit you will be taking on your route .
0	It has a nice big screen and is very easy to use . .
0	It has a slightly larger screen size brighter screen & lighter weight . .
0	She loves the large touch screen and the ease of use . .
0	the viewing screen is big and easy to read . .
0	I've used it several times already and it's been very helpful The voices are clear the instructions are given well ahead of time allowing you time to move accordingly and the screen is easy to see . .
0	I like this one but I wish it showed the name of the street you were driving on on the screen .
0	Better by far than previous brand M also have a Garmin 4 3 in screen in another car the extra screen size is helpful .
0	My first GPS was over $800 and it had an LCD screen .
0	split screen that accurately depicts upcoming overhead directional signage . .
0	The screen being larger makes it easier to read .
0	I have used it twice now and it is very accurate and I love the lane assist and split screen .
0	It's 5 screen is a welcome addition in real estate and it's lane change guidance and graphics are impressive . .
0	I have a 3 screen Garmin also but the 5 inch screen is wonderful .
0	I enjoy the split screen when one comes up to exit ramps on tollways highways and expressways . .
0	Got the 50LM for Christmas and I LOVE it I thought that the screen size might seem too big but actually I like it very much it's easy to see and the detail on the 'Junction View' shows a detailed picture of your exit on most interstate exits especially when they're complicated is great .
0	The other GPS systems try and give you way too much information on that tiny screen which makes it cluttered and hard to operate and understand .
0	The Gamin line keeps it simple and the NUVI 50lm is nice because it has a nice large 5 screen with a durable frame . .
0	Also the screen got scratched within a couple days of owning it .
0	<p> good screen size . .
0	If you taught the GPS a location by tapping on the screen and selecting remember this location that's a different folder .
0	But it has a VERY large screen it's quite accurate only one major mistake with the map in three months pretty fast rerouting and without that pointless and annoying recalculated announcement thank you Garmin weighs next to nothing and the silly split screen showing an almost photo realistic image of the next lane turns out to be pretty damned useful once you try it . .
0	I miss the external volume knob on my old Garmin because it's difficult to fool around with the touch screen and navigate to the volume while you're driving and the GPS voice always seems to get very chatty at the worst moments .
0	Some additional new features on the 40LM are larger and brighter screen pronunciation of street names some of which are quite funny as the software tries to figure them out making a long trip somewhat less boring and the split view screen for highway ramps makes this a great unit to own . .
0	I really appreciated the arrival time speed limits & my driving speed display on screen .
0	The screen is MUCH better than the smaller ones . .
0	I wanted a large screen with Lifetime Maps period .
0	This one also responds easier when you tap the screen I had one where you had to push hard to get a response . .
0	It is SO great to have a 5 inch clear high resolution screen now . .
0	The 5 inch screen makes it easy to see the directions of travel and the verbal instruction as well as notice within 2 tenths of change provided an easy way to travel . .
0	I really like that it is large and that you can set up the map screen with other important information in the right margin such as time direction ETA miles traveled or miles to destination lane instructions and such . .
0	I can also choose a second screen that tells me my speed in large numerals with a list of the various items listed above in the margin plus a few .
0	The split screen is a highlight .
0	Nice big screen go with the bigger screen .
0	I bought 2xGarmin n&uuml vi 50 5 inch because it's so big screen and easy to use . .
0	The reason I updated was to get a bigger screen and newer maps .
0	A bright easy to view screen in sunlight . .
0	Go back to the Where To and View Map screen .
0	A screen will automatically pop up asking if you want this second destination to be your NEW DESTINATION or marked as a VIA POINT .
0	The speed marker on the lower right screen has been extremely accurate . .
0	The screen is a nice size and brightness volume are easy to adjust takes about 10 seconds . .
0	The unit is smaller the screen brighter and easier to read and has more features . .
0	Bought the 50LM for the Garmin reputation the 5 screen and the life time updates . .
0	I think the 4 3 inch screen would be fine and maybe even the 3 5 since the numbers on the screen are pretty large anyway . .
0	I like the thinness of it and the touch screen works well as does the query board . .
0	The volume is also more than adequate as well as the screen brightness . .
0	I had some trouble seeing all the info on the X3 because of the small screen but with the size of this latest Garmin it seems like it would be easy to have all that info included on the screen .
0	Maybe the thinking is that it is safer to not have all that info on the screen but I think it would be safer to have more info instead of having to hit icons to get the info I want .
0	Now granted this large screen and how well it displays where I need to go will make it more likely that i will not make a wrong turn so maybe I will end up never needing to figure out what street I'm on . .
0	Also touching the top part of the screen will take you to the step by step route and if you touch any step it will show you a close up of that turn so you can preview complicated areas before you get there . .
0	The Garmin will make traveling easier and while all the essential information is there I think more info on the screen would be nice and would have made it a 5 star . .
0	However am glad it happened as this one is really much nicer and we love the wider screen . .
0	The larger screen is nice too . .
0	The screen also updates more rapidly than the 350's does .
0	We had a Garmin StreetPilot for years & decided to update mainly for a larger screen and for lifetime map updates .
0	my only complaint is that it doesn't display on the same screen the destination arrival time and the mileage to the destination .
0	When you near an major intersection or exit it will give you a preview on half of the screen what the lanes will look like example your exit lane on the left then 2 more lanes continuing strait and another lane exiting to the right .
0	I can have GPS on and then turn the truck off and it will power off in 30 seconds unless you press the screen and tell it to stay on battery mood .
0	So with the truck and GPS off and then I start the truck up the GPS start up also with a warning screen telling you not to program the GPS while driving safety concern but then the warning screen will go away in 15 seconds or so and the Where to and View Map screen comes up . .
0	If I do not touch the GPS and I start to drive it will detect me moving and automatically switch from the Where to and View Map screen to the Map of where you are at and driving .
0	Updating was easy and they have each customized their own personal looks on screen .
0	I'm used to the larger screen of the 7200 and was worried that I'd not like the 5 screen of the 50 .
0	I BOUGHT THE DASH MOUNT WHICH IS NICE BUT ALSO MADE A BEZEL THAT FITS PERFECTLY INTO THE SMALL NOOK ON MY CARS CONSOLE MAKING IT LOOK LIKE THE CAR WAS BUILT WITH IT AND ALSO MAKES IT LESS NOTICABLE BECAUSE NO WIRES SHOW AND WITH THE POWER TURNED OFF THE SCREEN IS BLACKED OUT MAKING IT REALLY A WHOLE LOT LESS NOTICEABLE CARMIN IS EDUCATIONAL AS WELL .
0	SHE CAN BOTH SPEAK EACH STREET AHEAD OF TIME AND IT DISPLAYS IN PRINT ON THE TOP OF THE SCREEN .
0	The Nuvi 50LM is almost an exact replacement except it has a 5 screen instead of 4 3 and it comes with free lifetime map updates .
0	Another new feature is the lane assisst which splits the screen in half vertically and shows you which lane you need to be in to take an exit while still showing your current route .
0	I had considered the 5 screen .
0	Large screen turn by turn with street names and now free map upgrades .
0	I decided to upgrade from a Garmin nuvi 275 to the new 40LM to get a wider screen current GPS tech and the lifetime maps .
0	The wider screen provides much better info on what's happening to the sides of the route . .
0	The freeway lane assistance feature split screen while exiting is very helpful .
0	The screen is easy to see even in bright light . .
0	The screen is very easy to see and doesn't require my putting on reading glasses . .
0	Easy to set up easy to use enough big LCD screen . .
0	Great screens the split screen when approaching a turn is fantastic in helping you stay in the proper lanes .
0	The screen was easy to read and let me know my speed and where to watch for speed traps . .
0	I find it inconvenient that to adjust the Volume you must return to the 'Home' screen .
0	Something else worth mentioning is the terrific split screen when you near your exit . .
0	The screen is bright and crystal clear . .
0	It also has a nice wide screen and its very thin . .
0	went from Garmin Nuvi 350 w 3 5 screen to this beast which I swear you can land a plane on .
0	I have had it one month so far so good I like the extra large screen This one seems to load a little faster that my older Garmin . .
0	The larger screen is well laid out and easy to read . .
0	I like that the street names show on the screen and turn by turn directions are by street name route .
0	Directions work great and are clear to understand and the 5 inch screen has a great view My only complaint is that after all the updates some places of business don't show up . .
0	very nice GPS good quality with big screen I like it and it have lifetime map updating total worthy it . .
0	The graphics are easier to see making the screen size quite adequate . .
0	The 5 inch screen makes for easier viewing . .
0	Large easy to read screen . .
0	Very impressed with the 5 screen . .
0	Screen The screen is great Very bright and easy to see without taking your eyes off the road . .
0	Touch screen works like a charm . .
0	As good as my iPhone's touch screen . .
0	I love that because then you know what to look out for and you don't have to keep looking at the screen wondering if you missed your turn or not that can be very dangerous distracting while driving . .
0	2 The screen size is great . .
0	<p> Large screen is very useful . .
1	I had a Garmin nuvi 660i navigator bought for $300 that time with all fancy options and touch screen stopped working . .
0	Anyway one of the new features is a split screen that popped up when I would change from one highway intersection and heading into a new direction .
0	I forgot to mention I also like the 5 inch screen since it's larger than my very first one . .
0	Easy to use big and readable screen I did almost 2000 miles with it and I didn't got lost once . .
0	This was to be my first GPS and I wanted outstanding performance in a 5 inch screen but didn't want or need anything fancy like Bluetooth etc but did want lifetime maps .
0	The screen is bright with excellent contrast . .
0	Same reliable product only changes we noticed were the larger screen and better sounding voice the old one got to be pretty annoying so she was muted a lot . .
0	Because of the 5 screen the display isn't all bunched up .
0	I got this one with the wider screen turn by turn instructions and all new maps Just got back from a 4000 mile trip just me and the Collies and this Garmin never missed a beat I Love how it gives a two screen view when I am instructed to make a turn .
0	AND it allows the icon on the screen to orient to the actual direction we are travelling So North stays North up top at the top of the screen .
0	i broke the old one cracked screen so i wanted to keep the 4 3 screen size .
0	the only thing to watch is if u like a bigger screen otherwise you ll love this one . .
