1	After a year I found information on their website that new software will take care of this problem shared by the 1200, 1300, AND 1400 series!
1	I have owned this for over a month now and have done weekly web updates so I should have the latest software.
1	The TomTom Go 740TM has the best traffic routing (with automatic re-routing built into the software), allowing for more relaxed driving in rush hour (heavy traffic) conditions.
1	For us a major consideration in usefulness of a GPS system is, what does the GPS software do with the traffic data it is receiving, be it by the "T" traffic cable or by the cellular connection (Garmin nuLink, or TomTom Live).
1	It is our opinion that the TomTom software does a better job of deciphering the incoming traffic data and a better job in offering automatic re-routing options, than do any of the Garmin systems we tested.
1	PROs Excellent display and interface Very good routing information Easy to use when it works right CONs Poor product support  Poorly designed software  for updating Garmin devices Quality assurance issues for this product MY EXPERIENCE TO DATE My original device failed within a few months of use.
1	- Updating process is cumbersome, requiring software that stays active at all times, when I only want to use it every 6 or 12 months.
1	But for those who are undeterred by this device's potential hardware problems, the  software is still disappointing .
1	Garmin  software is less than desireable .
1	Quanlity, use and portability is about the same as a Tomtom but the navigation  software needs much improvement .
1	This software comes pre-loaded whereas with Garmin, one must buy a higher end model and pay for the upgraded software.
1	This  software also lacks location /information of infra-red sensors at stop lights.
1	I believe  software written for this particular GPS has flaws .
1	Overall Life of Unit: All three units that I have owned have showed a  decrease in the software life .
1	The  software will become confused  and loop, will not be able to find the satellite when the vehicle is in the open, and numerous other quirks that cause the unit to become non-functional.
1	The Voice Recognition software is a wonderful addition, though far from perfect.
1	I don't know what Garmin has done, but they've apparently ditched perfectly good routing software from previous Nuvi versions to some cockamamy routing that makes little sense.
1	First, the Garmin website software used for registering and map downloads would not, itself, download to our new Windows 7 computer.
1	I'm a software developer and I recently moved to another state and also do quite a few road trips every year (last one was 3300 miles), so this gives you an idea of what kind of user I am.
1	And is Garmin throwing an untested product, thinking that customers wouldn't make fuss after throwing $10 on  useless software  (not to speak about the cost of the device)?
1	Not me though, and I will take this matter to my attorney general, if Garmin doesn't clean its act and either fix the  non-functional software  ASAP or refund money to the customer and stop selling  non-functional software !
1	Right out of the box after registering my NEW unit, I found out it needed a map upgrade, unfortunately for me I have limited broadband service, so 4 hrs later and 2GB of map upgrade, I begin to set it up, well there was also a software upgrade that had to be done before the maps could install, another hour goes by and then I get the message,"sorry problem with download try again or contact customer service, 4 or 5 times later, finally disgusted, I have to EMAIL Garmin customer service for help, they emailed me back saying they should be in contact within 3 Days.
1	The  software is terribly out-of-date .
1	I'm probably going to return it to Amazon and shop for a GPS that has up-to-date software.
1	When we got to the hotel I called Garmin(was on hold for an hour) and was told by one of the technicians that "there is a known  software issue  with these units and we do not have a fix for this".
1	Update: I am happy to say I received an email the beginning of July 2010 stating there was a mandatory software update regarding the freezing(reminded me of the 765 email that was sent a few years ago).
1	Panning/browsing screen almost impossible (see rubber-band effect) due to  software bugs .
1	Many other minor bugs, hopefully to be fixed with upcoming software updates.
1	biggest disappointment of my life i travel for work and have been lost more since buying garmin and sent down more dead ends does not take quickest route and needed update right after i purchased it but was told  software was to old  HATE IT and will never purchase anything endorsed by or bearing the Garmin trademark.
1	Clearly, the product and its  software were not ready  for public release.
1	Perhaps when Garmin resolves their  software issues , I'll reconsider these new widescreen 1200/1300/1400 models but most likely not now.
1	The  software does not recognize the GPS  when it is plugged into the computer (even though the computer recognizes the device and the software has the correct device number displayed).
1	All this after I downloaded the maps and latest software upgrades from garmin.
1	Not that this is a REAL problem, but the software took a couple hours to do the update, and it wasn't really clear if you could disconnect it in the middle of the update.
1	I read elsewhere that the latest  software update is suspected  as the culprit, but can't confirm it.
1	Second unit had  software issues  that were eventually resolved.
1	The unit had the latest maps but not the latest software.
1	So I ran it again, this time telling it to reinstall the same version of software already installed.
1	I purchased and downloaded the Traffic Camera software and if the unit does not feel like talking or announcing, this  software is useless , because I will never know that there is a camera up ahead.
1	Cons:  Garmin advertises City Xplorer software for certain cities on their website.
1	This software shows all available transit types for that city and the routes.
1	Anyway, turns out you really need to type in "Avenue U", because Garmin's software thinks the street name has two words: Avenue (full spelling) and U!
1	The mapping software version is v8, the latest, but it doesn't have a few stores near my house, such as the Staples a few blocks away which has been there forever.
1	The software that you hunt down seems mostly undocumented and it is one of those born knowing this experience.
1	The software from Garmin to customize the device needs a third party fix, sox.
1	One of the first things the owner's manual requests that you do is to update the software.
1	However, after updating the software, the system doesn't tell you whether the update was successful.
1	The only way to verify the current version is to go into a deeply-embedded screen to match up the software version on your device.
1	After 14 months in service (3 trips total) our unit developed a  software glitch  causing it to crash on start up.
1	After attempting to update the software and map data, the unit went into an endless boot-up cycle (Garmin screen, map data loading, power down, power up, and repeat.
1	My whole issue is the update/download procedure and Garmin's  buggy software .
1	Garmin software engineer with remote control of my PC could not correct problem.
1	Read is other software for the interface, but it's pc only.
1	I wanted to be sure all of the software was up to date as well as the maps.
1	Almost every major online map software offer that feature.
1	Now I write software for a living and get paid a lot for it, so I know something about computing and good user-faced design - this product could definitely improve a lot.
1	I updated the software, since one update was pending and everything went good.
1	The first one would  not download the software correctly  - had to ask for Garmin assistance.
1	*COMPUTER INTERFACE: This is a great feature allowing you to buy subscriptions, update your unit's software, and customize your voices & vehicles.
1	I have updated the software at least 4 times and the unit still shootsdown by itself while driving.
1	Sent my first unit back because of  major software problems  and the replacement still has some software problems.
1	A good software engineer could have done this in a couple days effort.
1	There is software to record your own, but come on.
1	The 'net is full of sob stories, obviously these devices have  weak software .
1	I have not tried 'eco route' related functionality I have updated map and software - so it has now latest firmware and map Basic functionality - add address/search address , navigation,interface is fine now i feel following issues - if anybody has any input let us know 1) when unit start - screen loads after "I agree" button ,it always make noise like "spark " or radio tunning for fraction of second and then it become normal.
1	Garmin representative could give no date for possible revision to software.
1	All it allows you to do is to specify the places you want to stop at during a trip, but will not guide you through the Vias as the older Route software would.
1	Seems the maping software needs to look at roadway types--like two lanes with potential of slow moving traffic--not just distance divided by speed limit.
1	The Garmin "city-select" maps or "mapsource" come with the software to allow a trip to be created on the large screen of one's computer and make necessary adjustments prior to down loading to the gps device--another feature I miss!
1	His software suggestion for the remedy is not available from the Garmin website for this model.
1	Arrival times are way off by hours (the additional software was supposed to correct this.
1	i have updated the software in the past 3 or 4 months.
1	Either the software information on the device is outdated or it is badly flawed as sometimes it chooses route that appear going in a near circle.
1	Note: software updated to the latest.
1	I suspect that after reading the reviews, Garmin grew wise and minimized the ads with a software update.
1	Garmin fixed the problem via the mail, but it would have been nice if they caught the  software issue  in beta testing.
1	Where TomTom comes with software to update your device and to load different, map colors, voices.
1	00 and have the live traffic update and software updates for free!
1	For some strange reason, it won't acquire satellites at all, resetting it and re-installing all the software won't help either.
1	I had the Garmin 2360 LMT GPS for 1 day, and the screen completly went dead, I returned it to Bestbuy and was given another Garmin 2360 LMT, and took that home registered it down loaded the maps and current software, that unit worked for a day and a half and the screen went dead, returned it to another Bestbuy, thinking the first Bestbuy got a bad shipment of GPS's, and received another Gamin 2360 LMT, did the downloads, and that unit worked two days before the screen stopped working.
1	When I wrote to Garmin, I received a generic email stating to down load the current software to avoid problems, I have downloaded the current software the Garmin 236 LMT was a horrible model, and graphics were small.
1	More internet research showed garmin has many issues with the auto-update software.
1	) gas pumps, came w/out-of-date OS software, user manual had bad directions & errors of fact & misleading info, even tech service could not get "clear private data" function to work (they had me try 3 different ways- none worked).
1	I will continue to check Garmin website to see if there is a software/firmware update; otherwise, I can't rely on this unit for travel given its unreliability.
1	took all day to dl the software i need just to update the unit and original maps - note to garmin not everybody has broadband.
1	how hard would it be for them to include all the manuals and all the software utilities etc on a cdrom with the unit?
1	-I had high hopes for the multiple stop routing feature (delivery to multiple destinations) but the  software isn't very user friendly  and the route plan it lays out isn't even close to being efficient.
1	Since all Garmin's use the same basic  software I'll be looking for a different brand next time.
1	I received the replacement the very next day and was able to upgrade the software and map with no problem.
1	With the previous map and software it took only a few seconds to calculate the trip, now it can take a couple of minutes, and on a straight stretch of road the thing seemed to get stuck in a re-calculating loop.
1	I'm going to contact Garmin to see if I can go back to the previous software version & map cause quite frankly this latest version needs some serious debugging.
1	The only problem I see in the space is that several software makers seem to be gravitating to a monthly fee based model for the service.
1	It worked for me for about 3 days, then steadily developed a  software glitch  that has rendered it inoperable after 3 weeks.
1	Since there are no software updates for this new unit yet the only suggestion then had was to do a reset all and see if it happens again.
1	I wish I read the review about the defective software.
1	My opinion Garmin is NOT strong with software interface with PC platforms.
1	Garmin needs to focus on GPS tracking software where they are one of the best.
1	It's the perfect size and the hardware is much better than I expected, but the  software is practically worthless .
1	Bottom line, the hardware side is perfect, the  software side is almost useless .
1	-easy to update software.
1	I boutgh this item based on a recommendation from a friend, in general the software features are ok, but I've noticed it takes some times for it to find satellites in Oregon, US.
1	I guess I've been spoiled by the rich search features that have been added to phone based GPS software.
1	The update software sees my GPS attached via usb and recognizes the model and serial number but when I tell it to update, it fails saying that there is not enough room on the device, delete unnecessary files.
1	I uploaded the latest software in my Nuvi just a few days ago (October 10, 2011) and the distance is still the same, a couple hundred miles off.
1	Back then, I spent two days dealing with erroneous manuals, usability and user interface concepts from late 80s, lack of customer support, and  buggy desktop software .
1	I cannot believe that in the era that all cellphones come with GPS/traffic software, devices that supposed to operate better as they have been designed for this single purpose are so bad.
1	All Garmin would tell me after suggesting a  useless software  fix that others had reported as not working,is that they no longer supported that model and suggested I purchase a new model.
1	I bought this to take to Europe, then found out it couldn't download maps OR software updates -- not enough memory.
1	The next day and another trial:  This time it wants to know if, maybe, I'd like to update my Garmin PC software.
1	The hardware doesn't work properly and I got stuck with an outdated version of the software.
1	In hopes to get the latest GPS software I waited many months before buying the unit but was still taken by Garmin.
1	I then tried using Firefox and after 3 tries, I was able to download the software (the first time the software crashed Firefox).
1	The updating process took about 40 minutes, plus about 20 to download the software to the Mac--and felt Windows-like (inelegant and not quite sure the right thing was happening).
1	It took 4 hours to update the firmware, then download their special software programs needed to update the software and finally download the hugh 2 Gig 09 map update only to find out my Garmin 350 would not take the new 2009 map updates.
1	I was on hold for 30 minutes and then I was told I would have to hold another 50 min for the software techs help because there was a major backlog.
1	She told me I could call back but I would have to start waiting all over again because there was no direct line to the software people.
1	The features and price are attractive, I paid $170, but if it will not connect, the product can  not get software updates  or new maps and you can't download pictures to it.
1	I learned (after going through Garmin's troubleshooting guides, several emails back and forth between me and Garmin's tech team, and a lot of time following the tech team's instructions to download and email files and install software) that for some reason no maps were ever installed on it.
1	NET installation, but the software worked OK under Windows XP.
1	Garmin acknowledges the zoom-out as a common problem with Nuvi 1350T, yet after four different calls with tech support and five or  six hours of reloading software , the device remains unfixed.
1	We are working to correct it in an upcoming software update.
1	" They were unable to tell me when a software update will be available and suggested I update my phones firmware.
1	I assume any self respecting download software will restart download from where the partial file download quits.
1	I love their interface - as opposed to Magellan or TomTom - and I was excited to read about the 3700 line because of its similarities to the iPhone/iTouch and its sophisticated software.
1	It's thin and very sexy - love the UI software.
1	selling hardware+ software that is so wildly out of date  is unheard of in any other industry.
1	Given the nunmber of user comments, Garmin knows of this problem, but continues to sell units with insufficient memory and not fix its  software issues .
1	The software from Garmin is great, but until they upgrade the hardware, it just wont work.
1	They have  archaic software  which doesn't overpower the hardware.
1	For me, I am going to survive with my old Garmin until they figure out they have to have hardware powerful enough to stuff the software into without bursting at the seams.
1	Reroute calculations are slower than the previous versions, and it continously freezes up when I received incoming calls, that is the weaker point from new Garmin software.
1	I restarted the GPS, updated maps and other software hoping it resets things and nothing worked.
1	We updated the software, took the unit for a ride, and still it reported the signal it was getting was too weak, even though our functioning 3790LMT was awesome, locked onto it's satellites quickly, and did it's job well as always.
1	3) New graphics style- They have managed to make the same information on same size screen (I tried the 765, exact same software as 1490t) looks smaller with new menu button right in the middle of the main navigation route.
1	I bought it 4 weeks ago, I have many  software error  now with it.
1	It has a good sized screen and all the usual Garmin software features plus traffic updates (which I haven't tried).
1	Will check out GPS software solutions for smart phones instead.
1	After arriving home and contacting Garmin customer service, each time I have been instructed to do a "HARD RESET" or update software that fixes the problem temporarily.
1	On the last trip, at the half way point I contacted Garmin customer service who said that I needed to update my software again.
1	I guess my question is "Is Garmin trying to write around a hardware problem or is their  software so unstable  that it has to be re-installed periodically?
1	Although I was not having any issues with the unit, the software update is mandatory, so like a good little sheep, I performed the update.
1	they knowingly sell a product with bad software, then expect their customers to cover the cost to return it to them for repair!
1	Obviously there is something wrong with memory or software.
1	I called Garmin, and they walked me through a factory reset of the device (touch the bottom right of the screen and power on the device to reload all the software).
1	I missed the Garmin, so after waiting a year for Garmin to work out  buggy software , I decided to try the 1450 once again (the 1450 is the same as the 1490 except for the Blue-Tooth feature which I believe just adds to the already overloaded processor capacity).
1	So folks at Garmin it is time to stop thinking hardware and start thinking software and firmware and give us folks a meaningful and useful update.
1	The software is not lane-aware (or at least the screen layout of road does not differentiates between the lanes) although a screen-shot on the product page and the (same) image on the back of the box gives the impression otherwise.
1	The  software also fails  to recalculate quick enough on missing a destination in a city downtown.
1	Garmin has asked me to reprogram the unit and has sent the software to do this, I have reprogrammed it twice and have'nt been able to solve the problem.
1	Later in the trip we actually encountered 3 outright errors in the mapping software including 1 wrong road name, an omitted turn, and a failure to indicate the end of a road, with a required turn onto a different road.
1	The 265WT is currently on Amazon for $30 LESS than the 1300 but loaded with all these features and latest mapping software.
1	Software features rated 1 out of 5 (poor):  Aside from the issues covered under Hardware, above, there were a number of  concerns on the software side .
1	Overall rating was 1 out of 5 (poor):  I was very disappointed on all fronts, from product quality to  substandard software  to unresponsive customer support.
1	They started the run-around routine: update the software (I did this when I first got the unit, it's been out over a year, there's going to be an update to fix non-starting units a year after launch?
1	This device's  software has made it all but impossible  to preplan a trip where one intends to take a specific route that is not the fastest route.
1	I installed all the latest software and latest maps - an easy enough process on my mac but today on its maiden voyage home the unit won't turn on properly.
1	We reset a dozen or more times, downloaded the latest maps (contrary to Amazon's comment about having the latest software), and reset again.
1	I know from years of experience with my Street Pilot that the inaccuracies of the software are many, and unavoidable: suggested turns onto streets that don't exist, streets that end in fields (Arizona), streets that aren't where the unit says they are (Sioux City), and being sent the long way around because the distance (undoubtedly as the crow flies) is shorter even though the drive time is substantially shorter if one gets on a major highway(Connecticut).
1	Just a word to the wise, update the Nuvi software as soon as you get it.
1	Mine shipped with a much older version of both the Nuvi GPS software and the Map software.
1	I have several complaint about this product related to mechanics and software.
1	I visited Garmin's website and downloaded software to fix the shut-down issue and it hasn't worked.
1	When I returned home, I reloaded the software to fix this issue(for the second time).
1	The speech recognition software is nice but really needs help.
1	There has been about 100 houses and a few streets right beside my one house for a few years now that don't exist on the GPS but maybe I can download new software or something.
1	We have done all the necessary software updates, as suggested by support and customer service.
1	And after several attempts to make it work (total waste of time $) Garmin replace it with a new unit that worked well for a couple months until a new software update was done a few days ago.
1	Downloaded the update software and the software tells me that there is not enough space on the device.
1	The user interface itself is very confusing and must have been designed by software engineers.
1	I charged it initially through the USB connection on my computer and then downloaded software updates through Garmin, including the initial map updates.
1	I haven't had any of the  software problems  that so many others are experiencing.
1	There have been dozens of firmware updates to get this software working properly.
1	Apparently a firmware/software update a few months ago addressed that and other issues.
1	I had this unit for about 4 months and it has stopped mapping due to some  software bug .
1	Like every other software-based device, the first step is to apply the latest update.
1	My 1390T does the same thing until several software patches were put out over 2 years but by then I'd like to get another one.
1	- Easy to Navigate the menu system - Decent battery life - It has been reported that topographic maps can be uploaded to this machine using the ExpertGPS software by a third party company.
1	I understand having to make a profit, but older units came with pc software this unit does not.
1	For $100 more you can buy this software.
1	(yes - I know that it is made for automotive usage, but it can be converted easily as a hand held unit with of course purchasing software for it).
1	So I will have to update the map software ad cross my fingers that I can locate myself :) I'm sure this will cost money for an update?
1	They state that the unit contains internal software and I can program it by using the unit.
1	Again I was told that it is built in, but I can purchase the same software for $100 to run on my pc.
1	I like the unit and it is sturdy, its just lacking updated maps and no pc software to plot your course to upload to the unit which I believe a unit this expensive should have.
1	It's a very stable device, more regular software updates, and less buggy overall.
1	It took a full battery charge while plugged into the USB port on my computer and eventually I was able to install the latest software and maps after a couple of calls to Garmin Support and some time spent going round and round on the less than user friendly Garmin website (why can't companies learn how to build good websites from Amazon and NetFlix?
1	Anyway, the issue with installing the software was because I use a Mac and the supplied updater program doesn't work on the 3700's unless you go through a complicated workaround which the support person explained beautifully.
1	If a route is created on your device, as long as your route preference is set to "Faster Time", your GPS device will usually prefer taking nearby interstates and highways in most cases as long as our calculation  software does not find an alternative route  that it believes will have a shorter arrival time.
1	All opened MapSource software and downloadable products such as maps, map updates, travel guides, etc are non-refundable.
1	This product has a  serious software problem , loosen power connection port and sometimes It can not acquire satellites for 2 or 3 minutes.
1	Unfortunately, it seems as that rather than building on the good, they tried to re-implement features with entirely new software -- for reasons unknown to me.
1	This unit has a known  software incompatibility issue  that prevents the bluetooth pairing with cell phones.
1	However, after a mandatory software update, the Garmin would stop recognizing my phone and was unable to renew pairing with the phone.
1	Finally I was informed that they are "working" on a software patch to fix this problem but they have no idea as to when it will be complete.
1	Once done with maps, I  failed to update the software  (which contains traffic updates and other useful functions).
1	I have 90Mb more after doing that and I could update the software.
1	My Garmin GPS came delivered with software more than 2 years old.
1	"  I don't know if this was because of some  software glitch  or other reason.
1	Garmin's web site self help suggested downloading a software update but I could not get that to work, although a connection between the unit and my computer was successful, the file transfer failed.
1	- Garmin phone support is good and they worked with me to solve several problems with their update software Cons: - Updating the unit's maps is a hassle.
1	To get the current maps and device software you must download a proprietary Garmin Communicator Plugin to your computer.
1	- The unit had several intermittent  software bugs , like: toggling between full color maps and one color maps at random; mysteriously rebooting itself while driving; and occasionally telling me to take a meandering and time-consuming route when there were much more direct and safer routes available.
1	Computers and software are upgraded everyday without us having to pay for the same features already installed!
1	I don't feel that I should have to own 2 year old software.
1	On the other hand, my Iphone, with Navigon software downloaded into it, would access the satellite in seconds.
1	Updating with the latest  software did not help .
1	And what really takes the cake- when I started to do research a year back I thought about the higher series but reading reviews pushed me towards this model because people said the software on THIS was superior, less buggy, more reliable.
1	If this is "good" software for them, they've lost a customer.
1	Amazon sent it fairly quickly and I noticed that it had a 2009 software date so I had to upload or download new software to update the unit.
1	rather than upgrade software I upgrade my unit.
1	The grand abilities of the  software are inadequately served  in this incarnation of a Garmin GPS.
1	Frequent software updates seem to claim to address these issues and they have made improvements.
1	For example with Google navigation software on Android Smartphones, you can speak the entire address in one phrase, and the phone uses the google maps engine to mindblowingly accurately find the Address or Name of the business you searched for.
1	I so wish for Garmin's  MUCH older software .
1	To remedy the issue, I had to reinstall the entire map software.
1	I downloaded and installed the   latest software and maps; still has the problem.
1	Maybe with a few more software patches it will work great, but for now I'll use my new 1390T that I purchased today as a replacement for the 295W.
1	I finally recieve my nuvi 2370lt in the mail yesterday and the first thing I do is hook it up to the computer, upgrade the maps, upgrade the software, register the product, and do everything else I can (taking hours and hours of my day up).
1	My guess is this is caused by a  software problem  and, hopefully, it will be resolve in a future update.
1	I downloaded their software which was supposed to make it easy to do on a computer and then transfer the route to the Garmin, but it didn't work.
1	I will make one last attempt to update software before I return it.
1	The initial software setup and map update was painless, but time-consuming.
1	The most obvious "via points" to use are intersections along your route, but when you do that, the software invariably directs you to exit at the intersection and perform maneuvers for a few minutes before getting back on your intended route.
1	If you add a via point (to get dinner or buy gas), or just get off the highway without adding the via point, the Nuvi's  software probably won't pick  the quickest or shortest route back to the highway.
1	From what I've read Garmin has changed a number of things in the hardware which makes me speculate that the  software is not fully compatible  with it.
1	First problem:  Whenever I turned it on it asked me to enter my country, language, and whether I accept the terms of the software.
1	I downloaded all of the most recent software and maps which took more than 1 hour on a fast broadband fiberoptic cable modem.
1	Too bad the software folks that design the user interfaces don't get out much.
1	I've used GPS technology in marine GPSes, Android Smartphones, and on PCs running mapping software.
1	Garmin responded within about 24 hours (weekday) and gave me the procedure to update the software, save my favorites and do a full reboot (you hold the lower right corner and turn on the device)  This did not solve the problem and the tech asked for my address so that we could arrange to have it sent back to Garmin.
1	I'm sure someone will be able to patch the software somehow, but that's really shady of Garmin to set up the software to spam you if you want to use a feature you paid for.
1	Even worse was that the  software would freeze up .
1	The software for doing any kind of route planning on your computer, RoadTrip, comes very sparsely populated with roads and you have to buy data sets to make the software useful.
1	Apple software folks are hands-down better than Garmen's.
1	They offered no constructive help, concluding that waiting for the next software release is the best solution.
1	I received my GPS and expected it to have  the latest software.
1	I ended up having to spend a couple hours downloading the latest software and installing it.
1	The map updating software does give you the option to choose a smaller map (only specific portions of the country) if you prefer to do that.
1	I looked up to see what the problem might be and found out that I have to get a Garmin USB cord (which should have been provided with the product in the first place) and hook it up to a computer and download some software etc.
1	Bottomline is they need to update the software to allow "None" for voice prompts or someother reasonable fix?
1	The software seemed easy enough to use, but it's time consuming and I ran into a problem.
1	I figured this model had been out for some time and maybe the bugs were worked out in a newer version of the software.
1	He had me connect to my computer and remove some Nuvi software files (voices,  foreign languages, texts, etc) that were not needed so I could free up space on my 1450LMT.
1	However, I am very disappointed that the map  software it came loaded with is 4-5 years out of date .
1	I am hoping these are  software issues  that will be resolved, if not I be using my old Tom Tom once again.
1	The  software is not as good  as other gps units such as magellan.
1	I called Garmin support, and after getting sent down a couple of blind alleys, I was connected to someone in the software support department.
1	Of course, the Magellan comes with the far better software that Hertz cars with Nevrlost also have.
1	The latest version of the  software isn't compatible  with a Mac.
1	Garmin's map updater  software is extremely difficult to use  and, in some cases, impossible.
1	The service depart is good that they also upgrade the unit with the new software and maps.
1	On a side not it also amazes me that there are no other improvements to the software in four years!
1	I have always owned Garmin and this is my third unit so I'm certainly hoping they will start catching up fast with some improved software.
1	Garmin, you owe me an apology but I know you are not really into the "internet" so you will never read this, but I hope it serves as a warning to potential buyers about what you can expect from the reliability and quality of Garmins software.
1	On a first Windows Vista machine, the registration software found the attached Nuvi find and registered it.
1	A future upgrade is planned for the device system software to fix this problem.
1	I tried to download the latest software, since this was recommended under the Garmin website as an initial trouble-shooting step, and now my traffic function has completely disappeared, and the unit no longer even registers traffic info.
1	So right out of the Amazon box, I immediately updated my new nuvi software and maps.
1	The software update went OK but the map update failed with an "out of memory" error.
1	I got in the latest software, map, and restored Jack's voice.
1	My unit had and has the latest software.
1	I contacted the vendor and they had me reload the same software version and reset the unit wiping out all my stored data.
1	VZ Navigator is currently available on the following Verizon Wireless handsets: Motorola v325* The V (LG VX9800) Razor V3c* Samsung a930 LG VX8300 Motorola RAZR V3m *May require free software upgrade at VZW store location.
1	Garmin has been great so far, however, the product came with many  useless  software  which I don't need, and it does not give directions quickly; by the time the navigator has recalculated a new route, I've passed the exit or street it was talking about.
1	I attribute this to an underpowered microprocessor or  poor software .
1	Again, either their bluetooth chips are  buggy or their software is .
1	To compound the  shoddy software  Garmin removed features that are found in their lower end models.
1	It's useless to me in it's current state of beta software.
1	their software basicly requires you have about 6GB of freespace available when they could very easily simply download direct to the device which shows up as a disk drive when plugged in.
1	Each time I called customer service, I had to wait on hold for 30-45 minutes to speak to a representative only to be told that they need to transfer me to the software division which was another 20-30 minute wait.
1	The tech support in software has no direct line so each call took over 1 hour.
1	Many  software type glitches ; unit repeated would say "recalculating"-- had to shut it off; also often times, an errorneous screen would pop up.
1	Most frustrating characteristics: poor satellite reception, poor positioning accuracy, slow satellite lock, incorrect routing, unstable and slow browser, frequent system lockup, low speaker volume, poor camera quality, shorter than advertised battery life, no competent tech support, no software support, slow startup, route turn-by-turn directions screen missing, and very poor screen contrast in daylight.
1	THE FOLLOWING IS AN EDITED REVIEW: To make a long story short, after the initial two days of use, I downloaded new maps and updated software - - since then, nothing but nightmares!
1	There must be a software problem because a friend of mine got 1 or 2 models down from this one and has the same problem.
1	Navigation software is the same old 3 or 5 year ago, you cannot enter a zip code in the first place.
1	***UPDATE 12/6/2010 @ 10:51 PM*** Today I discovered Garmin's BaseCamp for Mac and it's an impressive piece of software for the money (free).
1	com, registered the device and was informed both a software update and a map update was available.
1	This gps comes with  defective software , the manufacturer makes you fix it yourself on line,another problem it doesn't come with a cord to fix the software problem.
1	I found out about it on there web site that this model has  defective software issues .
1	This gps will shut off on you, and give wrong directions, before the  software fix .
1	It suggested that I go to Best Buy in Omaha for computers and software although there is a Lincoln store as big as the omaha stores.
1	I downloaded some software from the Garmin website, which wasn't very clear exactly what I had to download in order to optimize my experience but I figured it out.
1	I uploaded the software for lifetime maps, web updates, and some kind of plug-in that enables software updates to communicate with and be uploaded to the unit.
1	By upgrading the software I was able to add different "language" options so for English that meant adding male and female voices with American, British, and Australian accents.
1	Uploading new maps and software upgrades is not intuitive.
1	They told me to check in weekly for a software updates.
1	I purchased this unit for a simple GPS and it seems almost perfect until you try and do the right thing by setting up the free map updates software!
1	First off, the software looks like freeware a 12 year old wrote!
1	Get the unit and use it right out of the box, because if you try to set up the software and connect it to your computer it will tell you there's a map update that will take 40 hours to download and end up wiping out the map in the GPS unit leaving you with a brite paperweight!
1	Thank god for the compass in my rear view mirror with  no software !
1	The mapping  software was unable to locate  "The Hermitage" in Nashville, TN.
1	The "Communicator Plug-in" in Garmin  software cannot find  the connected device.
1	The techie changed my username for me, but now I'm stuck in Garmin's non-functional software.
1	But in addition to sexy hardware, it is the software that makes an iPod an iPod.
1	I hope Garmin will fix the issue/shortcoming listed above as they all are  software/firmware related issues  that I am pretty sure can be fixed.
1	My Garmin online account and software stated that all my maps were updated and current.
1	Another more minor gripe is the routing software.
1	Email support, a day later get a reply: "you must have a Mac, in which case, you must download a different piece of software and install prior to registration.
1	Manually restart the device after the software update is complete" Ok - does this mean connected to the computer or not?
1	You do know that Mac users will be getting this software, why not make it seamless?
1	(I have now read other reviews, and find that the very long update process, the crashes of the update software, and the inadequate memory to deliver the promised North America and Europe maps have been found by other users.
1	I'm hoping a future software upgrade will enable it.
1	This is a decent GPS, but the bugs in the software and underpowered web site makes accessing the map updates impossible.
1	Furthermore, it is impossible to upgrade any software through the Nuvi 295w web browser.
1	I tried defaulting it and loading the latest software, as this has worked for some, but it still does it.
1	Have had to return two of these for  software problems , freezing (well documented on the web), garmin will only send a reconditioned unit, seems that if they are having that many problems they should offer new units.
1	I tried downloading the latest software from their site, but it did not fix the problem.
1	I bought this Nuvi in June because I was planning a trip to France and the earlier North America-only model Nuvi I had been using had outdated map software.
1	Since this model cost less than renting a GPS from the European car rental company for the two weeks I planned on using it, it seemed like a win-win -- I saved money while on vacation and I got newer map software for when I returned home.
1	I sent the unit back to Garmin (at my expense) and was told that the replacement unit I've yet to receive may not have the latest map software on it and that I was not eligible to download the latest for free because the grace period expired - this on a unit that didn't work right from day one.
1	I upgraded all software to the latest version but it did not help.
1	This unit and the other new Garmins are supposed to go hand-in-hand with the CityXplorer software, available as a download.
1	The only weakness in my opinion and I am sure it is not model specific is that the mapping software may not be quite as good as my 330 days .
