0	NAVTEQ mapping software seems to be incredibly accurate recognizes what road you are driving on from country lanes to interstates and everything in between . .
1	As far as customer service we had trouble getting the software to load when we received it .
0	The overall feel of the software is great . .
0	I immediately wanted to update the software and maps with a high speed connection it still took more then three hours .
0	The Garmin WebUpdater software which is used to upload maps firmware etc .
0	I don't know if it's with a new unit software upgrade or what but performed a touchscreen calibration and all is well now .
0	One thing I did was when I recieved the unit I used the WEBSITE to update the software on the device .
0	Latest software at the time of this review is 3 90 and it works .
0	I have had several Garmins in the past and they all worked fine except for the earlier versions a few years back where software was very buggy the 765T works fine as expected .
0	We have a DSL connection and the whole process took hours It downloaded a new map and a software update .
0	And so many simple possible things that just aren't built into the software tools .
0	It sounds like such issues had been mostly fixed improved in last version Software . .
0	Today I just find the v4 0 software is available so I immediately checked and tried it . .
0	It's a good product Especially thank Garmin for continuously improving the software . .
0	It will be better if the software can be at good quality originally instead of fixes on upgrades . .
0	Maps are very accurate very few lock ups with the software and lots of features like lane assist bluetooth traffic etc .
0	Bluethtooth works fine You should Update your GPS with new software new maps and red light and speed photo camera locations part 3 youtube It will recalculate faster bluetooth works smoother and so on .
0	Go to Click on support Unit Support and press download to get the latest software .
0	Setup is a breeze and I was up and running within minutes once the software setup was completed it downloads a 2Gb file .
1	May just need a software fix .
0	myGarmin site isn't as fully featured as the TomTom Home software .
0	Software wise Garmin still has a ways to go on user interface . .
0	Overall a great small tidy package with nice software upgrades . .
0	They make it easy to link your nuvi up to their site and check for the availability of new software maps etc .
0	The initial update of the map software which you get for free when you purchase the GPS takes quite awhile to download .
0	Garmin releases regular firmware and other software updates for it .
0	This is a glitch and will probably we fixed in a software upgrade .
0	Disregard the reviews claiming bluetooth instability and mapping problems these issues have been corrected via software updates through Garmin .
0	Hooked it to pc and updated firmware and maps and software .
0	The software tends to try to reroute me better with this unit rather than the ongoingin Make a legal U turn prompts I used to get .
0	I assume this is a software glitch and they will get it corrected .
0	I have updated the maps and software and did not have any problems doing this .
0	Update updated software and unit functioned correctly for a few weeks then same problem . .
0	If Garmin expands their text to speech and updates their routing software then this will be a good GPS .
0	I've been using the 765 T for about two months and it works fine just before and after a mandatory software upgrade by Garmin intended to fix some bug .
0	Second the PC mapping is a step backwards as compared with the software used with the StreetPilot .
0	True the maps are more compact and faster in the unit but I miss the visual completeness and ease of use found in the earlier PC software .
0	These problems were AFTER updating the software build to the newest version and skimming other reviews not uncommon .
0	I updated the maps and software as soon as I got it with no problems .
1	I have found even after the update there are some inacuracies in the garmin software for some highways .
0	Garmin's recent software update may have addressed this problem .
0	Updating the unit's software online is extremely easy when connected to a computer via the supplied USB cable . .
0	I hear about it may freeze up occasionally so just want to give it a try and see what happened after software update but unfortuately I missed the one month return time .
0	The second one died immediately after the Garmin software update .
0	Finally installing the mapping software on my Windows XP Pro machine really messed the computer after reboot it could not find peripherals such as the sound card for instance .
0	Garmin tech support says a new software update released 12 1 10 addresses among other things the troublesome 855 screen freezing problem . .
0	The steps bellow will help you do a software update for your device .
0	The software updates are free and it's important that you do this once every month or so to ensure your device continues to function properly for you . .
0	However first start the software process using these steps here .
0	Hope this new software fix works and helps all the frustrated 855 owners . .
0	I needed to do a three hour software update on Garmin's website before it was functional .
0	It was working great but I replaced it with the Garmin Nuvi 750 because I wanted the latest software that included tracking and routing features .
0	Download the software it's safe follow instructions to increase the volume of your chosen voice to 99 and then save the file back to your Nuvi . .
0	Register your unit and then follow instructions to download plug in which identifies your unit and then updates your software & most recent maps .
0	Neither of these routes were very complicated but even so it acted like the software was overflowing or getting caught in an endless loop . .
0	I kept noticing a comment being added to most of these reviews telling the reviewer to go to Garmin and upgrade their software .
0	I upgraded the software immediately and I have never had the screen freeze on me . .
0	No software or functional problems thus far and accuracy has been very good .
0	I even downloaded software to customize the phrases .
0	also gps froze 5 minutes into first drive and thats after I did the latest software update and newest maps .
0	I suppose some of the features could have been better implemented into the software design though only because their is a great breadth of information that I wish it could take more advantage of points of interest has more to do with current location proximity though I would like for it to set location according to area route of destination Some of my criticism of the unit in this area may have more to do with the way it might confuse the user who would expect a more straightforward approach to how to utilize certain features and that while getting to a destination you shouldn't have to struggle with why it's not getting to street view current time or whether you are heading to a gas station in the direction you are driving though it's likely I wasn't paying close attention Some of the features were very useful to find areas I have no way of knowing about otherwise though I'm of the impression that on numerous occasions I simply wasn't getting the quickest route and was driving along areas that were scenic or intended to lead to the quickest road in spite of having to drive in the opposite direction for 40 miles in order to reach it . .
0	thanks garmin you are resting on your laurels at the very least the product should come with updated maps and hopefully updated software for the top end models . .
0	<p> Updated the software and map version right out of the box at Garmin's website . .
0	The first thing I did upon receiving the 855 is to register it and install both the system software and map software updates .
0	As for the device freezing up on me I installed the system update software v4 7 again then removed the battery for a few seconds and did a soft reset before powering it up again .
0	The mapping software on my computer MapSource correctly plotted the route following my waypoints .
0	However after loading the route into the 855 and checking it I found that the 855 plotted a different route of nearly twice the distance as the PC software .
0	I surmised that there was a broken connector in the map software that was loaded into the GPS because no matter what I tried it would route me the long way around .
0	The GPS was now plotting routes exactly the same as my PC mapping software .
0	I would have given the Garmin nuvi 855 a 5 star rating but because of the initial problems I had with the device freezing up having to reinstall system and mapping software and skimpy documentation it gets 4 stars .
0	Even if this apparent glitch turns out to be corrected by a software update I think these warnings should be provided even earlier at least 1 0 mile ahead .
0	I will be downloading the software update for the 855 but I'm more worried that it will change some things for the worse in addition to whatever improvements occur .
0	I wish the software was better at finding abreviations than it is true for all I suspect and i wish there were fewer errors in the maps . .
0	The map and software upgrade went without a hitch albeit it took 3 4 hours to complete .
0	The sound volume of the device was low but after reading through many forums found out that it could be increased through software .
0	After you get one get the free POI Loader software and then search the web for Garmin compatible POI files which enhance its usefulness . .
0	It's software was updated and I have not had any problems with the GPS as previously described .
0	I work in computer software so I understand the limitations of voice recognition and background noise . .
0	It's possible some earlier releases of this model may have had some software or firmware problems but as of right now I heartily recommend this unit .
0	When tried it the day after I got this 855 without upgrading software or map .
0	Before that I just did some research and found that some people said by upgrading the software the freeze problem will be solved but still some others said it actually doesn't work .
0	So I upgraded the software thru . .
1	The satellite signal search is much slower than before the second time software upgrading and map upgrading .
0	The satellite signal searching is a little slow after software and map upgrading .
0	if you just slide to power on then loose it the GPS will be in sleep mode which is good if you are to use the GPS soon since power on again will just go directly to where to view map without having to wait the software and map loading and satellite searching .
0	For those still complaining about the freeze problem update software first .
0	Garmin now provides both MAC and PC software for the NUVI series .
0	Though I haven't yet used any of the optional software available from Garmin I plan to try them and maybe some audio books for my wife on future trips . .
0	Update udated software and maps to 2010 version went smoothly with no glitches .
0	<p> Software updated to fix issues recently .
0	After you do the map update you still need to go to myGramin dashboard and check for the new software update .
0	It did freeze up a couple of times but I updated the software and it eliminated that problem .
0	Fortunately Garmin's website is only needed to update the unit's software and update the maps .
1	The Nuvi also doesn't work well with either of Garmin's software products MapSource and BaseCamp which have always worked great with my eTrex . .
0	But the Nuvi is pretty self contained easily finding and calculating routes to waypoints with little need for extra software .
0	When I finally did figure out everything and got the software updated etc the unit is very straightforward the screen is clear and the voice plenty loud .
0	One would think that when you buy a new GPS unit that it would have up to date software which brings up another point1 .
0	The installed operating system software was also quite old and had to be updated free of charge but a pain in the butt before the AAA functions would operate1 .
0	For example there is a local street that I know has been around for a long time but when I punched in the address the street name would not populate After calling customer service on it afterwards I was told that I had to pay for a software update which was quite expensive1 .
0	This latest firmware has solved the constant crashing problem and further address many of the complaints of the previous generation of software .
0	Taking advice from other reviewers I went to Magellan's website and registered using the AAA link to get extended warrantee and downloaded latest operating software free as well as latest AAA data1 . .
0	It was loaded with latest operating software latest map & POI data and latest AAA data1 .
0	Included software allows adding customer POI's .
0	This is a nice GPS been using for a week with the latest hardware software update 4 6 .
0	Ideally this task would be made easier if Magellan provided software on its CD and cabling that permitted users to sync their contact information from PIMs such as Microsoft Outlook from PCs or by infrared or Bluetooth transmissions from smartphones or PDAs1 . .
0	It came with all the stuff you need such as software USB cable AC power supply charger car adapter nice soft protective pouch to carry it around in and a window mount that I can't understand how it works so well But It Does .
0	The POI software is great I installed it and thought it was a joke at first but then I discovered that between Mapquest and Google Earth I can locate anything then I can get the Lat1 . .
0	I would have liked to have been able to see how the Maestro performed with the most recent mapping software for a more apples to apples comparison .
0	Rgarding the Magellan 4250 the unit is great it has some flaws but after I made the software upgrade which is available from the Magellan website the unit became flawless1 . .
0	There were some initial problems with the software which were fixed by a free update1 .
0	Do some research first if BT is important to you and plan on updating the software to get the best results . .
0	The hardware USB software mounts and carring cases are nice1 .
0	These flaws seem mostly to be software related and probably fixed with an update1 .
0	However if you often use and rely on your GPS you may want to wait until they have released the latest software version to purchase one1 .
0	I did take the advice of several other reviewer and upgraded the software as soon as I received the GPS unit . .
0	They should constantly update the list of phones but to date I haven't seen them release new firmware or software .
0	Updates to the unit in terms of firmware and software to ensure current streets fuel stations restaurants etc1 .
0	My deciding factor in wanting to keep this unit is how stable the software will be as I've said I experienced a few freezes of the screen1 . .
0	detection of noise and lighting conditions the ability to tell TomTom of map errors and software for the PC MAC that allows you to interface to the GPS then pick TomTom .
0	Nonetheless both the software set up and traffic subscription were a breeze1 .
0	Just make sure you do a software upgrade to 4 6 and you'll have one of the top auto GPS units available at even twice the price .
0	Allan's review hit the nail on the head and with the software you'll be singing its praises as you merrily cruise down the highways and byways .
0	I'm not sure if that is the traffic service trying to reroute or just a glitch in the map program which isn't Magellan's issue but the database software of which there are only 2 databases used by all GPS systems 1 . .
0	In general though I think it was a smart move to have purchased it before the trip since it allowed the driver to see more of the surrroundings without the tension of driving in unknown areas One problem yet to be resolved is to get the current software for the supplimental traffic advisory service1 .
0	I began with software loaded on a pda and then purchased a low cost text to speech model1 .
0	Custom POIs now call 'enhanced' can only be saved using the included POI software and is one of the weaknesses of the Magellan1 .
0	I do recommend the software upgrade to 4 x this is totally FREE 1 . .
0	The box packaging would not lead that this was anything other than a brand new unit also read other reviews the one year warranty still applies regardless from Garmin I had heard that getting a refurbished one registered was a hassle now I did have to go and buy a mini USB cable no my Blackberry phone cable nor my camera mini cable worked did not fit but I was out and a Best Buy was close they had one and it fits 16 00 but had it so went to the Garmin com site and was able to register the unit immediately no hassle whatsoever and downloaded some updated software downloaded new vehicles from the garmin garage I chose a horse since I ride alot left it on overnight to charge all very easy .
0	The unit's operating software firmware was also updated1 .
0	I did hook the unit to my computer and using Garmins update software it flashed the firmware up to the most current all pretty painless .
0	A software fault probably but workable . .
0	I have always recieved tremendous customer support when needed and software upgrades at a very reasonable cost or for free1 . .
0	Our older Tomtom can take minutes even after their software updates that was supposed to improve this .
1	And oh I was having trouble updating the software at first due to a USB problem with my computer .
0	Where you can load all your favorites or contact into this software so you have all your information saved .
0	Took a considerable amount of time to download all current software and maps with a DSL connection nearly 4 hours 1 .
0	If Mono can sell it for 2 bucks then Garmin can throw it in since you need it for software and map updates1 .
0	Updating both the Unit software and the maps is a bit more of a hassle that it needed to be but was not actually hard to do1 .
0	The other program is called the Web Updater which is used to update the software built into the unit itself1 .
0	Both my device software and built in maps were updated successfully and the device is working as well as before .
0	Upgrading the software in it was so easy .
0	The Send to GPS feature of the software plug in that you install on your PC is a very handy feature indeed It allows you to go to Google Maps and find a location and then choose Send to and select your Garmin as the destination1 .
0	It came with the 2009 software and maps for North America which required no upgrades or updates .
1	1 Software dashboard doesn't have option to change the time to destination to remaining distance .
0	I wish it were possible to program routes with via points and then save those routes not a feature in the software though just something I could use .
0	I thought the use of the find address menu in the software was very simple and logical  .
0	Very good product but could stand to have some tweaks to the software maps .
0	Only drawback and not for me since I already had a cable from another GPS was the fact that the USB cable to connect it to the computer was necessary for product registration and of course software updates 1 .
0	Picture software is very basic though e g even though related photos are organized by folder on the SD card slide show program throws everything it can find into one hodgepodge show 1 .
0	I downloaded the latest map software when I received the device and was able to install rather easily1 .
0	I do not want to buy the software to keep it updated and feel that I was in a way ripped off by getting old information on this unit1 .
0	The USB cable to attach the unit to a PC was not included with the 260W and is required to register the unit and update the internal OS software as well as the map updates1 . .
0	be sure you hook it up to your pc monthly and download and software updates that Garmin might've put out .
0	It is easy to use the querty keyboard makes it so The software is very accurate .
0	I have updated the software before using  .
0	However newer TomTom devices and some of the Garmins have been noted for their instability before receiving software updates to fix issues and some issues still remain take a look at the reviews of other models available on Amazon .
0	It was not easy to download the upgraded software but that may have been due to Windows Vista1 . .
0	I registered it on the Garmin website and got an immediate update to the map software it was pre loaded with so that everything was current .
0	Do yourself a favor you can't beat this price my old unit cost 3 times as much and lacks many of the features of the 260W the only question how long will Garmin support the software as this model is no longer in production . .
0	This is an awesome product I like the fact that I downloaded the Garmin updater and am able to connect GPS and update the software to the latest version available .
0	Upgrading the software installing the GARMIN converter program on the PC gave me fits but got through OK1 .
0	It would be nice if Garmin came up with some software that could be downloaded onto this product to continue at least the traffic service .
0	BTW I have the latest software loaded .
0	Occasionally you get a warning from MSN Direct to update the MSN Direct software but there's nothing to update1 .
0	Also the few hands free calls I have taken have given very poor sound on the Garmin speakers making it not useful maybe a software  update Not sure they are using the A2DP or a good profile 1 . .
1	I think there is a software problem .
0	I wish Garmin would finish things they start there like 80 90% complected have many software bugs .
0	It can be switched from vehicle to vehicle with ease and can also be used anywhere in the world when purchasing the mapping software to go with it .
0	Maybe a software update can change this .
1	The 4 60 software is very buggy .
0	it will start a software upgrade Make sure that your battery is charged first before you register it .
0	In the final attempt a software tech said to remove the battery keep it out for 30 seconds and then replace it in the unit to reboot it  .
0	The software will permit you to integrate a rear view camera which you can hardwire to your rear lights which light when transmission is in reverse thus activating the camera1 .
0	The software and graphics are very easy to use and interpret .
0	I have to pay for the traffic software after my 3 months are up .
0	I was able to upload the current map software from my laptop at home with no problem and I will probably buy the map update option as well1 .
0	After I downloaded Garmin's POI software however and tried to download some scenic trip software recommended by Garmin the 885T's mapping data vanished No amount of my attempts and those of the Garmin customer service expert who surprisingly answered my phone call within about 10 minutes in spite of the recorded message that the wait to speak to a rep was an hour could fix this1 .
0	Now if only Garmin could work out the software kinks I'd give it a 5 star rating . .
0	I even downloaded this software onto my garmin to make it louder garmin could have made some changes here1 .
0	No smartphone software I've used has come close to matching all the benefits of a standalone GPS1 .
0	The main reason for me though is all of my contact info is in my phone and laptop and if I need to speak with a customer the phone GPS and software stop speaking or displaying while in a call this is not good while you are driving to the customer site Also when you travel as much as I your phone is not always going to be fully charged anything you can do to preserve your phone battery ie1 .
0	Garmin Nuvi 40 one week review Out of the box the software appears more versatile and user friendly than the basic Magellan Maestro being replaced1 . .
0	Summary Software is versatile and user friendly1 . .
0	You just load the software and hook up the device to your computer1 .
0	The software upgrade and fresh maps download installation were easy and took about an hour with a 22 Mbps internet connection . .
0	Website and software allow installation of additional navigation voices and vehicles including Dora the Explorer most of which are free .
0	I believe there is also free route planning software that connects with the GPS but I don't find it to be the easiest to use1 . .
0	The only little quirk in the software seems to be when you have the unit off travel to another state then turn it on1 .
0	After about 30 or so minutes I went to Garmin's website registered the unit downloaded the software updated the maps and firmware followed the instrution to the letter and after about 15 minutes everything was up and running1 .
0	Once the software was downloaded from Garmin everything was regognized unit serial number was read by Garmin and we were finished .
0	Garmin provides map updater software that does all the work and the process went much faster than my other GPS's map updates have done .
0	The software will check for updated maps and then facilitate the download if you need it1 .
0	I updated the maps on my 50LM and the Garmin software and interface worked beautifully with no problems . .
0	But taking hours to download software on a system like that can be said about any software download and not just Garmin1 . .
0	I've had no trouble updating the software and maps but I must admit the Garmin website is a bit clunky until you get the hang of it1 . .
0	After working for two years on my 340 XL live Tom Tom Bomb Bomb crash and burn GPS which Tom Tom knows but refuses to admit its bomb creation with excuse after excuse after excuse for what appears to be reciver software collisions making it constantly restart in the middle of operation compare that to this Garmin the Garmin gets an 'A'1 .
0	When I attempted to reload the software the website told me that my unit was corrupted due to improper software .
0	Updated software having new addresses and other near by places info .
0	Even though the touchscreen is resistive it's pretty responsive and the software animations and scrolling make it seem 'lively' to use1 . .
0	The software registers multiple touches while it's still drawing so you can just tap tap tap quickly to move up down or zoom .
0	Mine is US lacking Canada come on what does it cost them throw in Canada and Mexico and not have to stock different serial number units Yeah like I am really going to buy the Canada map software for $79 directly from them when hell freezes over This isn't Skippy peanut butter that downsized from 18oz to 14 5oz .
0	The free software update from Garmin was also a plus1 . .
