0	The display is easy to read and the voice is loud enough . .
0	I wish voice commands were an option this is an option on some other Garmin devices and I am sure will become more common in the near future as it would make it easier to manage the device while on the go .
0	I wanted voice recognition but figured that the trade off in other functions isn't worth it right now .
0	After the technology has been out a little longer and the memory penalty is less severe I'll try one of the voice activated models .
0	Voice direction is given with ample time to react not too soon or too late .
0	A nice feature is the ability to set the music volume lower than the navigation voice which ensures you don't miss a turn .
0	For example Garmin's cell phone compatibility chart says that my Motorola Q cell phone it's old by now maybe 3 years will barely work with the Nuvi 765t that is most features like phone book hands free voice dial etc . .
0	won't work but in fact when I connected my Q with the Nuvi 765t everything works just fine except texting and works very well especially the voice dial . .
0	have not been in a area with true FM traffic alerts yet although the unit does pick up on the amount of traffic ahead of you and lets you know via voice and changes the map view road colors .
0	This was unexpected for me and really cool The voice on the unit is clear . .
0	I switched from the default American female to a British male as I think it is the clearest sounding voice .
0	It's nice to be able to hear my MP3's and the voice commands through my car's speakers but the quality is only average at best .
0	Simulated GPS No provision to see just the route without the voice over .
0	The Bluetooth interface is great and Jack's voice is incredibly easy to understand . .
0	With its guided voice prompts and street names it's even more useful .
0	It will not allow me to use the voice dialing feature .
1	Things I don't like sometimes the voice instructions come at the last second I've learned to watch the guidance on the upper left of the screen . .
0	The navigation voice have tried several and like Australian Karen at 100% is clean with no distortion .
0	In making calls over the Nuvi the people I have called state that the voice quality is fine and there is no echo or distortion . .
0	I wish the voice sounded half as good as the Nuvi 200 I gave up for the 765T . .
0	I have to turn my music completely off to hear the voice even when it's volume is all the way up .
0	TomTom has DISABLED FM Transmitting of voice instructions .
0	That's right TomTom's can no longer transmit voice instructions through your car stereo .
0	I wanted the Bluetooth option Customized Saved Trip option and the advantage of voice to come over my car speakers . .
0	The voice commands were fine and loud enough . .
0	I've read many complaints about this Nuvi volume being inadequate and I just don't find that to be the case especially when the voice is routed through the vehicle audio system but even it's own speaker is understandable and loud enough to be heard unless your driving with your windows down .
0	Another perk more preferential than anything is the voice that tells you were to go or whatever isn't as annoying and this one actually pronounces street names .
0	The spoken directions computer voice usually sound fine but sometimes sound like a late 90's version of Stephen Hawking wierd Sometimes the volume of the spoken directions is very LOW for no explainable reason . .
0	no worries Oh my wife didn't like the Dr Dread voice I chose being October and Halloween and all this voice doesn't verbalize the street names it only says things like turn right or keep right then turn right . .
0	If you don't care too much about the newest bells and whistles like voice activation then this is the perfect unit for you . .
0	If I am in a city and do need the voice commands Rare then I just run it thru the radio FM Transmitter .
0	The voice is loud enough but when it is not plugged in it a little harder to hear . .
0	The voice is clear I use Jack which speaks American English and the volume can be turned up loud enough to be heard clearly at freeway speeds . .
0	The voice commands are extremely clear and accurately got me to all my destinations with no problems or hesitations . .
0	The people that I spoke with on the phone said that my voice was very broken up and hard to hear however I could hear perfectly through my stereo sound system .
0	When there wasn't a lot of noise in the car the voice  thru the built in speaker was fine we did have it turned up to 90% . .
0	Thankfully I have voice recognition and I can make all my calls that way .
0	Some people have complained that the voice is too low but mine is loud .
0	Well another thing the voice prompt doesnt just tell you when to turn but also in which street and what is the next turn . .
0	It's very obvious which is the right turn or road to take by voice and by map .
0	I have some hearing loss and I can easily here the GPS telling where to turn and not only is the volume plentiful but the quality of the voice is pretty good . .
0	Big problem is it boings every few seconds to warn you and you cannot turn it off without losing the voice for directions .
0	It provides clear directions in voice and on screen . .
0	On a couple of occasions the voice right now I'm using Australian Karen told me my destination was on the wrong side of the street . .
0	I called my voicemail and the built in microphone picks up my voice reasonably well with the engine running . .
0	I'm told that the cheap Garmin microphone which plugs into the cradle not the unit improves voice quality . .
0	He loves the Austrailian voice that talks to him . .
0	The voice was easy to listen too and the spoken information regarding turns and which direction to keep to when changing freeways and interchanges was excellent . .
0	The lifetime traffic feature is pretty good and comes in handy as I travel to unfamiliar cities frequently but on occasion I can run into a big jam somewhere and then several minutes later get a calm voice telling me traffic ahead . .
0	I like the map presentation voice commands Traffic alerts and the way it recalculates when I take an alternate route . .
0	i am using the english voice have not tried it with the english jill voice which speaks the street names but from playing around with it its not as loud as the english voice .
0	The GPS's female voice resulted in giving it a name of 'Silvie' short for Silvia .
0	Skipped voice recognition to get faster refresh . .
0	So far I don't miss voice recognition whatsoever . .
0	When you go into really unfamiliar territory and want to hear the voice directions then you can turn the audio on with a flip of a switch .
0	Blue tooth works great but the receiving side tells me that my voice sounds mumbled or hard to hear .
0	The reason I am giving 4 stars is because when you have the unit playing music through the headphone jack connected to your car stereo and you have your phone hooked up to it the person's voice doesnt come through the car stereo .
0	The voice recognition works well and I use it all the time . .
0	Vehicle and voice customization fairly easy through Garmin Connect web interface . .
0	<p> Voice directions are timely and understandable . .
0	To my surprise she could hear my loud and clear I did a couple tests and sure enough when I plugged the headphone jack back into my stereo my voice was cutting out again .
0	My Granddaughter loved Elfred the Elf free download voice that we used before Christmas . .
0	Voice Guidance Nuvi will talk to you tell you where to go .
0	2 When speaking by cellphone people on the other side of the line often can't hear well my voice when using the cell bluetooth interface . .
0	You can make your own voice using free Garmin software and load it onto the unit I had my kids do it . .
0	The voice pronunciation of simple names like Iowa and others is disappointing .
1	Speaker voice a little weak but I use it turned off .
0	2 ROUTING Voice is clear and instructions are pretty straightforward . .
0	Magellan has different voice instructions for free way entrances like 'freeway entrance on the right which I like in Magellan . .
0	Voice quality over bluetooth is good though I haven't yet tested it extensively .
0	4 VOICE COMMANDS No voice commands in case you need them .
0	Awesome how you can both talk on the phone using your car's speakers or listen to the navigating voice .
0	I've tried voice commands and multi routing already .
0	<p> Voice directions are clear and can be routed through the car stereo if desired . .
0	The GPS voice volume is also a little low too .
1	Bluetooth speakerphone isn't really that great with low volume and so so voice pickup .
0	I haven't used the voice command feature or the mp3 player but the gps navigator alone is wrth the money .
0	I wouldn't get a unit without voice recognition .
0	<p> Voice recognition is a lot faster and much safer than having to spell things out on the touch screen while driving .
0	It would be nice to be able to manually activate voice recognition without the remote button that gets mounted in the car .
0	An easy to access temporary mute icon would be useful for Garmin's voice when you're on a cell call . .
0	<p> Voice prompts are clear and not too loud or distorted but the voice recognition thing is my only little stickler . .
0	More of a gimmick than anything and it actually took me more time to try and get it to recognize my voice than it would have to just type it into the machine .
0	It does have voice recognition wich was why I bought it .
0	I had looked at other voice recognition GPS's and this one has a great name on the market it is easy to navigate by speaking and the online update on maps keeps it current .
0	I especially like the voice telling me the names of the streets or turns . .
0	The handfree voice recognition is very useful when it recognizes my command about 80% of the time . .
0	The solid state memory battery power and voice recognition are all great new features . .
0	It is amazing how the Nuvi 855 can recognize my voice commands even with the car noise at open highway speeds .
0	Voice recognition is probably not necessary with the easy to use touch screen but it is just plain fun .
0	The voice command is a little sketchy if there's ANY ambient noise but that's a small price to pay because in the right conditions it's accuracy is in the high 90% It's a must have for anyone with a Nuvi 7xx or earlier .
0	I would buy one again in a heartbeat The only thing I would add is a sexier voice for the robot and perhaps add some humorous vocabulary .
0	The voice actuation is nice and will come in handy although I haven't learned the best way to use that yet . .
0	My voice recognition worked on day one I updated the map and on day two the voice recognition feature stopped functioning . .
0	I almost bought the 765T my wife owns one but then I found the 855 with voice recognition .
0	So unless you absolutely have to have the voice recognition go with the 765T .
0	The voice recognition needs a little practice .
0	Pros Voice activated directions bright vivid screen FM transmitter pretty strong compared to some other devices I have owned . .
0	To use the voice activated directions you have a device that attaches to your steering wheel .
0	I'd like to see a menu item that would take me in to the voice recognition module w o having to carry that unit with me .
0	factory recondition Well worth the discount The voice activation takes getting used to but it's a real time saver I don't like the fact that you can't verbally search for a POI in a given town but perhaps I haven't figured it out yet . .
0	Also after getting to learn the voice commands these work pretty well on the road I don't use this feature as often however so it's more of a gimmick in some ways . .
0	Because of the voice feature it's quite slow as others have mentioned .
0	Also the voice is definitely not loud enough if you have music blaring but I don't mind this as much . .
0	<p> Voice recognition works well after you remember the various category i e . .
0	While bumping down the road fingers sometime hit the wrong buttons then you need to back the thing up and start all over again we purchased this item to use the voice activated system My wife is my co pilot and does the searching for new places to visit We will give it a good try out soon if it works as well as the older one which is great in my book it should meet with my wife`s approval as well I always type in my things before I move she likes to go on the fly and find things that are advertised along the road This voice activation feature will make her happy .
0	Also the voice recognition does not respond sometimes but it's still a great feature to have .
0	The Garmin's voice pronunciation of local streets is better .
0	do not believe all Negatives you read here the device has a turn off button it shows u the names of the streets the voice is loud enough for u to hear either the great mp3 player it has or the instructions themselves very fast in catching satellites . .
0	The Voice Recognition Rules I love it won't ever go back to a dumb one . .
0	I also purchased this GPS for the voice recognition feature .
0	Here is the GOOD Easy long process to download and install firmware map updates Ease of Use Voice Recognition Works Great Speed Limit Indicator .
0	Summary If Garmin can give us 10 foreign accents to choose from for the voice navigation then surely they can find a way to let us choose between miles to destination and estimated time of arrival .
0	The default speaking voice is very natural pleasant and doesn't mangle TOOO many words . .
0	This model also has a voice activation feature which could save your life if you are the type of driver who will might try to interact with this while you are driving say to find the next McDonald's .
0	As I write this the Nuvi 855 is the only portable GPS with voice recognition but it is not yet much competition for a factory unit despite being 5x to 10x cheaper . .
0	The cabin must be very quiet in order to get the voice recognition to work the radio must be turned down and the windows up . .
0	Now if either Garmin or Magellan were to combine the features voice recognition removable battery better interface of the Nuvi 855 with the large 7 screen and customizable one touch menu of the Roadmate 1700 that would be a must have GPS receiver . .
0	The voice recognition feature is fantastic to do hands free navigating . .
0	Easy to use great graphics and voice activated is a breeze . .
0	It is nice to have the voice recognition on this and one of the reasons why we purchased this model rather than a lower model . .
0	They have holiday themed ones sled for christmas with elf voice as well as other regular ones so you don't have to get bored with the same one all of the time . .
0	I would highly recommend this unit or other units that also have voice recognition .
0	<p> voice recognition helps tremendously if you are the only one in the car because you don't have to look at the screen and navigate from one thing to the next . .
0	when more than 1 person is in the car it is useful to have the 2nd person operate the garmin as opposed to the voice recognition in my opinion .
0	You can also google garmin tts voice editor by turboccc .
0	About two weeks ago I updated to this unit for two reasons voice recognition and multiple destinations .
0	I havent tested the multiple destinations yet but have used voice recognition several times .
0	I still love the product but wish I would have opted for a blue tooth unit rather than voice control .
0	The only reason I gave this 4 stars is due to my frustration utilizing the voice feature .
0	My best guess is that for every 4 times I have tried to use the voice feature it works about once so 25% is not what I would consider a good ratio . .
0	The voice recognition system works very well and helps make operating the unit while driving less distracting and therefore more safe . .
0	I got this model for the voice activation feature .
0	It found satellites quickly had plenty of warning time before turns was easy to see and the voice recognition worked perfect <p>. .
0	But so far so good I like the voice recognition feature that's very slick my brother has that built into his affinity q 30 . .
0	I was going to keep it due to the voice activated input feature which is so much better than having to input addresses points of interest etc .
0	using a keyboard while driving Then I read a review about the 855 and having read that it also had the voice activated input capability I decided to buy that and return the 885 . .
0	This unit is brilliant the voice entry makes using this device so easy no need to scroll through page after page to find what you want . .
0	Love this unit Extremely user friendly and accurate and the voice menu makes it one of only a few that are truly hands off and the others cost over $300 . .
0	There are some el cheapo bargains on GPS units lately but this one is worth the little extra just for the voice menu .
0	The voice recognition has surpassed my expectations The great thing is that if the battery does go bad you just get another one .
0	I haven't had a chance to test the voice recognition feature .
0	Strengths The voice recognition works very well and is very useful on the road . .
0	The spoken directions at full volume are plenty loud and clear for me though Jane's voice quality grates after a while . .
0	The voice level is OK without a lot of other cabin noise going on .
0	BUT if you want the best response download the Garmin Voice Studio and record your own voice . .
0	The voice commands work well but the background noise should be kept to a minimum . .
0	When I found out this GPS had voice commands I promptly sold my old one and bought this one . .
0	I have had this for a few days and love it The remote voice button works great on the steering wheel . .
1	When I first got the unit of course like most I didn't read the instructions and actually still have not read them so it was a bit frustrating using the voice commands .
0	My main reason for purchasing this particular model was the voice recognition .
0	I found that the freeware TTS Voice editor allows you to raise it somewhat as well as change the text of voice prompts .
0	The voice recognition is great for entering addresses . .
0	Voice recognition is a bit frustrating due to some operator training me and also that it does not always pick up my voice reason unknown .
0	The voice activation works pretty well when you're by yourself in the car . .
0	I love the voice recognition although sometimes it doesn't get what I am saying . .
0	<p> Voice recognition works great and volume is not a problem as other reviews indicated . .
0	Can't always trust the route given but overall a great GPS for the price especially with voice recognition .
0	Very very fast acquisition clear bright graphics good voice recognition nice mounting system shows roads and neighborhoods that were just built . .
0	I like the clarity of the map and voice . .
0	What makes this GPS so remarkable is the voice recognition I feel like I'm using Star Trek technology . .
0	I can't imagine any of the minor complaints offsetting the awesomeness of the voice recognition . .
0	If your budget allows for a voice recognition GPS with 1000 waypoints an improved on off switch and smoother screen refresh then by all means get that one .
0	But if you're looking to spend about $300 and want voice recognition do not hesitate to buy the 855 .
0	I wouldn't exchange it for a non voice recognition unit that has those features that this one lacks .
0	The voice recognition is not infallible but is the best I've seen yet far better than most one enjoys on voicemail . .
0	The only glitch we encountered was it froze up and had to be restarted twice like other people have mentioned and the voice recognition took a couple of tries but it definitely helped .
0	First time I've written an Amazon review but wanted to say how much I am learning to enjoy my Nuvi 855 As an analyst I did the research read about the pros and cons weighed the benefits of voice recognition vs the minimally slower performance hits and most of all listened to my daughter You see our family drives between Orlando and Charlotte several times per year to see the grandkids . .
0	SOOO I decided to give the Nuvi 855 voice recognition a try .
0	First thing I did was change the voice to the English Daniel the most natural flexing voice of the lot .
0	Once I began to see that the VR program was in fact very reasonable in what it can do I started having fun It will actually allow you to voice control almost all of the prompts that you encounter .
0	Now a weary sounding British voice says OK .
0	Pros Fast satellite acquisition fast recalculation beautiful display Lane Assist Junction View spoken street names voice command speed limit display can use FM radio for voice portability with replaceable battery great price .
0	I would rate the voice command feature average .
0	The other feature that is very high end for the price is the voice recognition .
0	Voice systems on the phone don't recognize my words because of a voice impairment but the Nuvi 855 does .
0	I didn't think the voice recognition feature was a big deal when I ordered the GPS .
0	<p> Voice commands are easy to use and that part works well also . .
0	The voice recognition interface is not perfect but it's good enough and can be a lot of fun .
0	I was not expecting the voice commands to work at all in general most products I have with voice commands really don't work that well . .
0	<p> voice control is easy to use and very useful . .
0	It's got all the great routing features of the 700 series plus adding things like voice commands . .
0	I am a realtor and purchased this Garmin with the voice capability for the promised ease of use . .
0	voice control via the button you attach to your steering wheel .
0	<p> Voice recognition is very good It is a fantastic product . .
0	That is probably more our fault for not updating the maps though The voice command feature works reasonably well IF the vehicle inside noise level is low we rarely use this function though . .
0	I switched because the Nuvi 855 has voice recognition and was on sale .
0	Very well designed and we use the voice commands all the time .
0	I have not had the chance to use the voice command yet so I don't know just how well that works .
0	Voice control was my main motivation for buying this particular model and I am very very impressed with it .
0	What I like best is how you can jump from one function to the next with a single voice command something that might require you to navigate three or four menus with the touch screen .
0	For example you can jump immediately from the the regular map to MSN Direct traffic Check traffic or gas prices check gas prices with a single voice command and then back to the map the same way back or view map .
0	Voice Control Living in the desert my A C is on full blast most of the time and even with that loud noise the Nuvi has no problem understanding what I am saying .
0	The voice recognition is is the big difference with other Garmin GPS systems The voice recognition is decent .
0	You can use voice through your radio without additional wiring and many other things .
0	The voice recognition is a safe option when driving . .
0	It is easy to use and the voice recognition works very well . .
0	I really like the feature set and the voice recognition .
0	The voice activation feature works very well even while driving you do have to turn the radio down . .
0	The voice volume is fine as long as you don't blast the radio . .
0	voice has issues with me anyway otherwise an awesome piece .
0	I LOVE the voice recognition feature .
0	It takes my voice command well . .
1	Product is good The internal voice is bit lower difficult to listen if there is any sort of noise . .
0	It has an excellent voice recognition interface and the advanced GPS features that I want . .
0	There are 3 separate volume controls there VOICE MEDIA PHONE which doesn't function on this unit .
0	My factory setting for voice was 70% .
0	Try all the functions & use the voice commands .
0	I have tried the voice recognition feature but have not really found it useful for me .
0	After comparing all of Garmin's GPS units and their competitors I selected the 855 with voice command for my daughter as she doesn't need anything to distract her driving .
0	I love the remote control and voice recognition features . .
0	I also like the voice command feature that allows you to speak your destination in . .
0	I liked the voice recognition and I found it very useful on the trip . .
0	The 765T included traffic but did not have voice recognition .
0	If I could get map updates for it I'd still be using it I think The voice prompts on the Mio anticipated turns by the time it finished saying Turn left in 30 yards you were at the 30 yard mark .
0	The voice is clear and the pronunciation is acceptable . .
0	The voice recognition feature is really a plus .
0	Decided to give the Nuvi 855 a try with its voice recognition .
0	Thus far the voice recognition has worked much better than I anticipated . .
0	The only thing that wished could be re worked is the voice and the volume because it is sometimes difficult to understand because of the placement of the speaker . .
0	Voice recognition is a very difficult technology and this unit recognizes many different types of voices with no training .
0	Simply amazing that this unit can contain so much data speak to you and understand your voice It seems impossible .
0	Go to for the file and the discussion on changing the GPS voice words volume etc .
0	Save a copy of your GPS voice file .
0	I guess I live with it because as a sales rep I am a heavy user and the voice recognition is simply amazing . .
0	Voice recognition really adds safety on the road coz you really don't have to take your hand off the steering wheel .
0	Good picture quality voice sound is good on GPS music quality in my opinion poor ok in a pinch but it sounds great when played through my cars sound system . .
0	Voice recognition spoken street names and lane assist .
0	When voice is sent to the car radio the volume is perfect .
0	I like the features of the 855 the voice recognition is really nice and the on screen features are a step up from what I had . .
0	one of the best product out there for the volume its loud enough unless my music is too loud the voice command sometimes give me a wrong answer maybe because i didnot speak loud enough other than that its an exellent product one thing make sure update the firmware and the map to give you accurate GPS .
0	I really love the voice recognition feature too . .
0	Has anyone had the freezing problem with V4 70 installed Otherwise the 855 has worked well and I really like the voice recognition feature . .
0	<p> voice recognition works well if car is quite . .
0	The voice command function works better than I anticipated . .
0	I have an old model of Gormin that have very loud voice .
0	This one I seted on maximum voice 100% but it is very hard to heare .
0	I liked the voice mic on the steering wheel . .
1	The volume level the freezes and the voice command seems fairly limited in functionality though I didn't mention it because I wasn't using it during my trip to test it out more are slight set backs and the other things SD card utilization user interface incorporation etc are just additional things and used more as result of how low the volume tends to be because I would much rather I use the audio amplifier for music and might just be specific to uncertainty and my own preferences for it . .
0	I have not use the voice recognition at this point but did recently give the Nuvi 855 quite a run .
0	I just wish it had voice to repeat the last command and or give distance to next turn .
0	The mp3 player is voice controlled also so no need to ever touch the unit .
0	The voice prompts are excellent so no need to look at it either which I don't . .
0	The voice navigation is simply amazing . .
0	This was probably as important to me as voice navigation when I decided to buy this unit and it's another big plus . .
0	The voice recognition feature is what sold me on it .
0	The voice interaction is really fun but it's far from perfect . .
0	Other reviewers have evidently had better luck getting the 855 to recognize their voice commands .
0	I forgot to add I did download the TTS Voice Editor and raised the volume of one of the voices .
0	That made a big difference and did away with one of the 855's biggest complaints of can't hear due to low voice volume I wear hearing aids and I can now hear the voice commands .
0	I read all I could on the Voice Editor and followed their instructions including copying and saving the factory voices as a just in case something went wrong .
0	I very much like the voice feature just wish the volume were a little louder difficult to hear on highway with window down or radio on . .
0	The volume is fine snappy response even with map at maximum detail no lockups the voice recognition is excellent the FM transmitter works great and crystal clear have a rear antenna on my 2003 Cadillac and no problem updating the system software and downloading the free 2011 map update . .
0	Open the jack vpm or jill vpm file in the Voice folder on your computer connected 855 unit .
0	Increase the volume to 99 from the default of 65 and save the file back to the Voice directory and you are done .
0	You can also doubleclick on any of the default voice prompts and change them to anything you want .
0	It has voice recognition which i was going to order the 3790t top model at garmin .
0	right now the 3790t does not have great reviews worthy of spending 400usd plus for a new gps I really wanted voice recognition and the nuvi 855 at 300$ less than the 3790t .
0	I bought this thinking it was top of the line and would have all the features of the less expensive models in addition to the cool new features like voice recognition . .
0	They said they took away that feature to make room for the voice recognition .
0	The voice thing is cool to first use but isnt that great in reality . .
0	I found the voice prompts loud enough to be heard but used the FM radio feature to hear them on the radio . .
1	The choices for the voice are limited and sound mechanical but are able to be understood .
0	I found the voice activation one of the reasons I chose this model to have a huge learning curve when it comes to the voice commands .
0	If there's ANY background noise kids in the backseat or the radio playing at the same time your giving a voice command you might as well save time and just use the touch screen .
0	I was easily able to update the firmware and the freezing up went away The voice recognition works well . .
0	I like this product and voice commands work well . .
0	This new voice recognition model is simply outstanding and reasonably priced at $158 .
0	Voice recognition makes the GPS much more safe simple and easy to program .
0	The voice command works great I love the safety of being able talk to the 855 as I'm travelling and it's a great way to get the kids to be quiet I'm kidding they're great travelers . .
0	What I didn't realize until I got the 855 was that it has a remote button to activate the voice commands .
0	The Garmin n&uuml vi 855 is one of Garmin's excellent voice command navigators . .
0	Recent cities and streets folders that speed searches though these aren't really necessary if you're using voice commands .
0	List of voice commands is limited but is generally adequate .
0	However I was very pleased and somewhat surprised that it could understand my voice commands because I don't exactly have a clear speaking voice .
0	I did have a little problem with it not understanding a few commands but I soon realized that it was my tone of voice that was confusing it .
0	I was a little irritated that it had not understood me after a couple of repeats and I guess the tone and volume of my voice changed .
0	I calmed myself down and repeated the commands in a regular speaking voice and with a passive tonal quality and the 855 responded correctly .
0	The voice volume and clarity is better than the 680 . .
0	My wife and I agree that volume on the 760 755 855 is too low but we have never missed a turn because of it We usually anticipate when an important voice instruction is coming and turn down the stereo and close windows to listen harder It's a slight inconvenience but that main flaw is worth overlooking . .
0	However I do intend to download a popular voice editor which other Nuvi owners have bragged about because it lets them increase the volume of spoken instructions . .
0	I have compiled my own list of the remote Voice Commands and was surprised to find several that are not in the manual .
0	Almost any menu instruction can be given by voice making the 855 even more functional than expected .
0	I find it easy to use the Voice Commands but only because I have played with the menu settings manually in three Nuvis . .
0	Thus I can usually interact freely with the 855 Voice Commands and flow from one screen to another while driving without letting the remote shut off before I'm finished with it .
0	I think it important to try and limit Voice Command use to situations where traffic is light and oncoming vehicles are not present . .
0	I try to perform extensive menu operations by voice for situations where I feel safe diverting my attention from driving on the other hand my wife is becoming more comfortable at searching through the menus by herself and enjoys the 855 as much as I .
1	We were frustrated using POI's to locate one McDonalds Voice command and manual controls via several search methods failed to identify a McD along our route and we finally gave up despite being certain there was one nearby .
0	I am very pleased with three 855 improvements over the 755 that are important to ME POIs displayed on maps voice command map detail plus several lesser advantages not found on other Nuvis .
0	The VoiceEditor was very easy to use and apply the volume change Originally the American Jill voice was default set at 65 and now I have it at 90 and Volume remains at 100% .
0	The Garmin is very simple to use the voice commands work flawless for me my one complaint is that the volume is not very loud . .
0	the voice recognition on the American female Jill is poor actually the Aussie chick Karen is better .
0	The voice recognition works perfectly as does the touch screen . .
0	I like the voice recognition software . .
0	<p> Voice activation was worth doing with out a few other options and i am satified with this unit . .
0	The ability to add vehical and voice packs is fun . .
0	I bought the gps for my boyfriend and he and I both absolutely love it The lane assist and voice recognition are my favorite features <p>. .
0	The voice recognition is the reason I got this unit .
0	It recognizes anyone's voice easily but other people have to be quiet or it can get confused and listen to their command .
0	The remote mounted to the steering wheel activates it but it turns off voice command after a few seconds sometimes too quickly .
0	Once you get used to it you'll prefer voice commands to manual entry even when you're not moving . .
0	I suspect it uses most of its memory for voice recognition .
0	The voice activated feature was ok but I sometimes had to keep repeating my instructions for the nuvi to understand them but still a very cool feature .
0	I found the voice response feature very useful and easy to use . .
0	We settled on a bare bones Prius but I could tell that my wife was a bit regretful that she gave up the Advanced navigation systems especially the cool ability they had to respond to voice prompts .
1	I can't understand why the voice recognition isn't available on all of Garmin's navigators . .
0	I'm very impressed with the voice recognition . .
0	Once it kept recalculating while I tried to change the voice then it froze .
0	Also for Voice commands I do feel like I have to yell but my interior is very spacious and my dash is out of arm's reach .
0	seems like a perfect situation for voice right lol . .
0	Once you increase the voice with the editor it is loud enough on its own .
0	very happy with unit selected Garmin talking voice quickly setup home address quickly able to get voice recognition going .
0	I am quite pleased with the voice recognition . .
0	I already have Bluetooth and MP3 equipment so I focused on the voice activation since hands free is the law in Cali and just plain smarter . .
0	The many complaints I saw about low volume had some substance but it was easily fixed by using a freeware program called TTS Voice Editor .
0	It allows you to customize the voice files by increasing volume slowing down phrasing a big help to make it more intelligible and even changing some phrases .
0	The voice activation worked great and makes usage much safer . .
0	I like the remote on the steering wheel and mostly use it to pause the music by voice command .
0	It takes a second or two to understand voice commands so using voice command takes a little patience .
0	<p> voice recognition isn't perfect but works well . .
0	it can even recognize when you say some of the bigger stores like walmart or target and even knew chase bank when i voice searched that .
0	I am looking forward to those stress free drives This one is voice activated so it is a lot more convenient . .
0	Basicly most time I only need to listen to the voice guide that's enough . .
0	I have not test the voice command yet will upgrade later .
0	I tried voice command today in contrast to many negative review on it I am more than satisfied with the Voice Command .
0	Note that for North Amazon Ave just say Amazon Ave or else it may not so easy for the Voice Command to recognize . .
0	This voice command is really helpful for safe driving when using a GPS I just don't understand why so many guys just complain of it or say it is of little use . .
0	The voice feature is great once you learn some basic commands it allows you to drive without distractions . .
0	The voice activation makes all the difference .
0	I am very pleased with the voice recognition feature as it works very well with only a couple of times when I had to repeat the command . .
0	I really like what this has to offer such as road speed limits garmin games to pass the time the many extra features as MP3 video book and the voice command .
0	The voice recognition works good even in Spanish . .
0	MP3 player with FM Transmitter voice command multi point routing etc .
0	Voice recognition & blue tooth strong safety factors for LA navigation .
0	Even though this is a discontinued model you cannot beat or match its features especially for the price if you want voice control and do not need Bluetooth .
0	To me the voice control feature is a must have and the speech recognition abilities of this model are the best I have used .
0	For the voice control you do need to learn a few basic commands but after printing out a cheat sheet I was doing it with ease on my first trip out .
0	The sound levels were OK for normal use but I did modify several of the voices using the free TTS Voice Editor software which you can download and use to increase the volume levels of voices you want to use from the default levels to 90 or 100 . .
0	You simply attach your 855 to your computer with the USB cable and find the voice you want to modify by navigating to the voice name vpm file such as JILL on the GARMIN just as you would find a file on your computer .
0	Then you open that voice file using the TTS software and make the changes you want saving the changes and replacing the voice file on the GARMIN with the one you have modified .
0	You must do this for every voice you want to use in other words changing the volume level on JILL does not increase the volume on JACK or any of the other voices .
0	Speech recognition worked great with my voice and my fiance . .
0	The voice recognition software is quite good for the most part .
0	Getting to know the proper voice recognition commands is a matter of trial and error since Garmin provides only a very limited list of commands . .
0	Even with all the shortcomings I am still pleased with the unit and am especially pleased with the hands free voice recognition feature . .
0	With only one extended trip's experience with it so far the only problem I've had is with the voice recognition Some words spoken to it are never understood no matter what dialect I try .
0	But most of the time voice recognition works and is helpful since you can keep your eyes on the road which is critical when driving a motor home . .
0	Voice recognition had not entered into choosing this unit but I'm glad it has it .
0	I have not used the voice recognition as of yet so I can not comment .
1	It don't always pick up the voice commands .
0	I like the voice recognition but I have found that it is just as distracting as using the touch screen . .
0	<p> Voice volume is adequate in my Acura MDX . .
0	The voice recognition works well but not in a noisy environment e g when the windows are down . .
0	The new features of the 855 include voice to text commands the FM transmitter and lane assist .
0	The voice to text commands work flawlessly to navigate without having to touch the unit for simple direction input . .
0	The voice direction is HUGE as is the lane change recomendations voice and visual .
0	It will be put to the test next month when we travel over 3200 miles by car but I like the clear display voice recognition and ease of setting up . .
1	The only caveat can be the voice is a little distorted they should work on make it clearer .
0	Voice recognition system is also another thing that keeps your hands on the steering wheel safety first .
1	The only problem is that surrounding noise may disturb confuse system to recognize some voice commands .
0	I find that the best way to use voice commands is to hit the mute button on my radio and then activate the voice feature . .
0	By eliminating the radio the Garmin unit will recognize almost all of my voice commands the first time I say them .
0	I find using the voice commands is less distracting than trying to use the touch screen but the touch screen is faster .
0	The voice commands are quick enough and there are ways to jump to particular screens instead of serial navigation through the screens . .
0	If the going gets tricky I just mute my radio and then I hear the Garmin voice fine . .
0	The voice command of the 855 Nuvi is awesome and the street names and graphics are far superior compared to what was in the Cadillac .
0	Furthermore I attached the voice command prompt buttom on the shift lever as opposed to the steering wheel which was the recommended location . .
0	The only drawback compared the other indash nav unit is that the voice command to turn left or right only gives you about a 50' warning which in my opinion should be sooner .
0	<p> Voice input works far better than expected but car interior must be almost silent no radio on during vebal instuctions . .
0	In Q4 3 more voice recognition models will be shipping but they start at $259 .
0	<p> Voice recognition that actually works Very impressive VR works well . .
0	However most of the time I just used the internal voice and speakers and they were acceptable .
0	The Voice Recognition VR is the hot feature for this unit and I found it to work very well .
0	Free Voice Studio software allows you to record your own voice prompts I can see mischievous minds at work already .
0	This is my first GPS not exactly an early adopter and I have to say that I'm really pleased I haven't yet tried the voice recognition feature .
0	I LOVE the voice activation for this navigator .
0	The only slightly weak point is the hands free voice command function that is advertised as a safety function . .
0	I also love the Voice Recognition with this unit much safer driving when I can ask map questions without taking my eyes off of the road . .
0	Love the feature of the voice commands .
0	excellent gps the feature of voice activated is fantastic fun talking to giving commands . .
0	The regular usage by typing in the information you want to get is pretty good but the voice recognition is amazing . .
1	it seems faster to not use the voice recognition . .
0	Lane assist and voice recognition are awesome . .
0	After experimentation I settled on the Australian Female voice as the best to listen to . .
0	It is easier to use than my first unit and the voice clearity is 100% better . .
0	My only beef is that they've removed password protection because so many customers forgot their passwords and retired the US English Jill voice which was the clearest one they ever had .
0	It worked well in Maui I did think it was funny the way the navigator voice would pronounce the Hawaiian street and road names .
0	The voice command works fine but is limited to certain features you can read about it more at GPS magazine review . .
0	The only so far minor disappointments with some of the new features the voice command works OK but you have to speak loudly and enunciate clearly to be heard . .
0	The POI are the lowest total of any of the GPS I tried but really how important is it to be able to find the nearest McDonalds The voice is straightforward ie turn in a 1 4 of a mile but it is easy to understand and I dont really see a need to pay more so the GPS can name the street I am turning on . .
0	The AAA information is great the maps are accurate and the voice command option is very nice . .
0	The voice function is excellent and easy to undestand even for an old guy with marginal hearing . .
0	<p> easy to understand voice routes me very well overall . .
0	It has other features like voice recognition bluetooth but I have never really used them . .
0	It has voice command when you say Magellan it activates that future that has been tricky you have to say the brand name a certain way to work .
0	Great product I was also considering the Nuvi 660 but purchased the 4250 as it had voice recognition .
0	However I hate the same female voice and wish Magellan would come up with software to let users change the voice .
0	It responds to voice commands .
0	Love the voice commands& large bright screen . .
0	This one is AWESOME I love the voice command and hope they continue to develop this . .
0	I have had some of the problems that others reported like a couple of times the voice has activated when not aked but not anything I would consider a problem .
0	Overall I really like it a lot and have found all the features voice and traffic alerts extremely helpful .
0	It does work BUT you must speak with a LOUD and clear voice . .
0	<p> Voice Command is really cool . .
0	The female voice is fine easy to understand and plenty loud . .
0	The voice command is awesome no more reaching and using the touch screen . .
0	I like this one better than mine This is a great GPS easy to use great visuals and I love the voice command feature . .
0	THE VOICE FEATURE COULD BE LOUDER HARD TO HEAR WITH ROAD NOISE .
0	The voice command is awesome . .
0	<p> Voice commands work but require patience and repetition for optimal results . .
0	The 4250 speaks to its users in a pleasant female voice a guidance system that alerts them to upcoming turns and the like . .
1	Voice guidance is really irritating half the times u cant make out wat its saying . .
0	Voice command is quirky insofar as it responds to coughs fast food wrapper noises and chatter .
0	<p> Voice activation is a nice feature more of a novelty then anything else . .
0	I thoroughly researched the garmin line and once i stumbled on this unit it compared with the garmins best model the 760 4250 has multi destination where am I plus voice & detour something garmin doesn't have .
0	<p> Love the voice recognition .
0	Whats NEW voice activated controls built in traffic with subscription you get the 1st 90 days FREE after that it costs $40 00 annually .
0	Voice Activated Control is very limited you can only use it to find POI's .
0	I wish Magellan would have included more voice activated features .
0	Voice commands and using the built in mic for phone calls isn't perfect .
0	The GPS alerts you with voice guidance in the form of Turn right in 0 5 miles onto Main Street at intervals of 2 miles 0 5 miles and shortly before a turn giving you plenty of warning prior to the next turn . .
0	The voice command functionality is pretty limited . .
0	I wish the 4250 would allow you to input destinations with the voice prompt but unfortunately it doesn't allow that and only has a small subset of commands available . .
0	Again like the AAA features the voice command feature is more of an added bonus rather than a polished feature although I do find myself using it often . .
1	Edit 11 11 Still use the GPS part all the time after 3 years works great dont find much use for any of the other features voice command is not good . .
0	GLAD I DID THE 4250 COST LESS AND HAS VOICE COMMAND AND BLUETOOTH .
0	THE VOICE COMMAND WORKS ALSO PRETTY GOOD TO .
0	The voice directions were helpful in that they gave you a good feel for your next action with sufficient time to get in the correct lane . .
0	There were four of us in the car and all of us were very pleased with the unit to the point that they started referring to the female voice as Maggie The price is excellent and I feel that I got excellent value for what I paid .
0	The bluetooth is very clear The kids love the voice command . .
0	They are also making changes is the 2008 line 4350 4370 etc to address concerns like not being able to enter addresses with voice commands the 4350 will have that as well as a pedestrian mode .
0	We found no problems at all with the Magellan responding to our voice commands .
0	Normal tone of voice picks up my low voice and my wife's higher voice with no problem at all .
0	If you don't like some of the current concerns no voice address input 2007 map etc wait for the new releases and pay a few hundred dollars more . .
0	The voice cues along with the visual cues are easy to understand and get you where you need to go .
0	It has a nice female voice and when it says Say a Command it gives you a certain feeling of power over it . .
0	The voice is plenty loud adjustible and the screen is very clear .
0	My constructive criticism would be for the designers to implement a better use for the voice command function it's virtually useless in its current application . .
1	Only neg feedback is that the voice recognition isn't great sometimes but overall I love it . .
1	CON'S Only one voice to select from .
0	The voice recognition works reasonabbly well in my Corolla and the Text to Speech is understandable . .
0	First the voice command is very nice it allows me to keep my eyes on the road and my hands on the wheel . .
0	Ok now for the complaints To use a voice command you have to say the word Magellan and the unit responds with Say a command Sometimes it will respond with Say a command while you are talking to someone in your vehicle .
0	I don't find the voice irritating as I find several other brands I haven't begun to explore the bells and whistles on this but I will during the course of the next few months . .
0	It performs as expected although the voice command feature isn't as cool helpful as I expected .
1	Frankly I very rarely use the voice command feature .
0	Had been reading about GPS for a couple of months and was impressed with the Voice activation features on my son's 3 Magellan . .
0	Only gripe I had on the Maestro was sometimes other people in the car would activate the Voice Command .
0	The voice activation works reasonably well but is limited in the catigories that are available i e . .
0	I will admit it's voice recognition for verbal commands is a little clunky requiring repeating at different volumes or speeds of speach .
0	<p> Voice guidance was clear and very helpful . .
0	This is probably the cheapest deal i could find online for a refurbed for $88 WITH voice command really the only feature i care about besides spoken street names .
0	I am quite satisfied with a 88$ voice command gps the street names n all are right on no corrections in maps needed so far dallas tx . .
0	The voice to text is clear and useful and the display is very good compared to products within the price range . .
0	3 The Voice Recognition works great with the radio off in my car even at 70 mph . .
0	5 Voice directions are very clear and plenty loud for me . .
1	<i> No fun voice options for the kids . .
1	Voice command was sort of cool but limited .
0	The voice commands are fun and work very good and the price is a lot less expensive then the Garmin . .
0	My only complaint is that the voice activation feature is awkward you have to cancel the trip you have programmed in before you can give certain commands and then reset it after seems backwards .
0	The voice commands are very simple nothing too fancy but in reality how often you need to use the voice commands I only use them to reroute to cancel a route or to find a POI .
0	Voice Control feature is very limited .
1	The voice is pretty loud in my Volvo and text to speach works if the radio is not loud and if your not driving over a lot of noise making bumps . .
0	I wanted a voice command enabled system with multiple options wide screen with high resolution .
0	Also it allows you to easily get to shopping food gas airports etc with voice commands .
0	You can also use voice commands to find out the distance to your destination or time of arrival .
0	No problem navigation with voice prompts and plenty of travel time with or without the dc adapter .
0	the voice prompts are great and the device is so easy to use I am now smarter than a fourth grader . .
0	Also the voice command is very limited unless you just want to go home .
0	It has some great features Super Slim Text to speech voice recognition although I don't use it that much multi destination planning one touch detours route exclusions traffic service Bluetooth HUGE POI database etc and I got it for much less than the Garmin equivalent basically the Nuvi 660 .
0	Her 3d presentations and voice directions work very well it is nice to see the Walmarts Starbucks laid out ahead in perspective in bright crisp details . .
0	We play with the voice recognition a lot that is fun and does keep both hands on the wheel .
0	Haven't used extensively but so far so good Image & voice are clear and directions have been correct . .
0	<p> Voice command often works as advertised . .
0	You cannot change the voice saving destinations in the address book is not intuitive and the voice recognition function has limited commands and limited voice recognition .
1	minor case but i hope they improve the selection of the voice command and make it easier to tell the GPS rather than speaking robotic like to it . .
0	The product works as expected although voice commands sometimes . .
1	The voice recognition is not that good as the unit has trouble recognizing certain words but the magellan go home feature is nice when you just want to get out of somewhere quickly .
0	Overall the 4250 is a capable get you to where you need to go type of device the only bells and whistles feature is the rather sketchy voice recognition which can be disabled .
1	A qwerty keyboard would have been nice and you only get one female voice .
0	I use Call Wave free service that converts all my voice mail to text messages so this would have been a handy capability I would have used if possible .
0	I also don't use the voice commands on it .
1	It seems stupid of them to of made this so you can't use voice to enter in a destination address unbelievable that this isn't a capability for a product that lists at $499 .
0	Haven't found any need to use its capable voice commands so its a pointless feature to me . .
0	However the voice isn't as clear as other GPS units and doesn't chime in as early before a turn as I would like . .
0	The faster you drive the earlier the voice should tell you to turn I think and this one doesn't do that .
0	It has a voice feature where you can simply say Go Home or ATM and it should direct you .
0	The voice command is fun to use . .
0	Voice command is limited to some operations .
0	The voice instructions are invaluable because you don't have to keep an eye on the screen all the time . .
0	Voice command function is basic but usable and responsive .
0	The voice activation features work relatively well if you want to tell the device what to do which is the main reason for the higher prices of the Tom Tom and Garmin their voice activation features are greater . .
0	The voice command option is cool as heck The directions are super accurate and recalculating takes an average amount of time no matter which GPS system you use . .
0	The female voice is natural and pleasing . .
0	Hands free Voice Command . .
0	I particularly enjoyed the voice command feature of asking where I am and how far I am to my destination . .
0	It should be able to do this so there would be no annoying voice prompts constantly re routing and making you turn where you don't want to go . .
0	The text to speech feature requires a certain tone of voice to activate it and could use some improvement .
0	The talk feature may be a little sensitive but it does work with better voice modulation . .
0	There was close to joy in her voice when telling me about finding a shorter route bypassing traffic jams and even taking a more scenic route . .
0	This product is totally awesome every thing was hands free and the voice command works great . .
0	The voice recognition is fantastic . .
0	EXCELLENT product Clear voice instructions almost instant re routing feature more POI than I could use in a lifetime Wonderful easy to learn and use for this techno illiterate user .
0	The Voice Command feature is a nice extra but it will most likely go unused .
0	Voice Command I didn't think I would use this much but with proper annunciation I found it more convenient to say Magellan Go Home instead of pressing the options on the screen .
0	<p> Voice Command is more responsive . .
0	The only problem I have encountered is The voice .
0	The voice recognition need a lot of improvement to be truly functional and helpful even in a very quiet car you have to shout to activate it and the voice controlled options are very limited .
0	All the manually operated functions should also be voice activated .
1	The voice activition isn't always responsive . .
1	2 I cannot get it to respond consistently to voice commands . .
0	Also it often mistakes something said on the radio for a voice command and has to be brought back to the previous mode manually .
0	its useful and easy to use with a voice command interface that lets you interact with the magallan by ur words rather than your hands . .
0	I liked the voice commands of the 4250 and the larger and . .
0	The voice commands were very clear and worked great . .
0	The voice feature is really nice its great to cue up info hands free . .
1	Voice control too limited in utility .
0	The VR is very responsive too I've actually had to disable the voice controls a few times because my kids have learned to yell magellan from the back seat just to hear it talk to them .
0	My husband has used this feature in his smaller car but the caller gets a feedback of their own voice which is annoying .
0	The only minor annoying feature of this unit is its voice activated commands .
0	The voice recognition really adds value for hands free worry free driving .
0	THE BLUETOOTH WITH MY RAZOR PHONE IS GREAT AND CLEAR AND THE VOICE COMMAND HAS NOT FAILED ME .
0	I programmed in the destinations I needed to go to and used the voice commands during the trip to find places to eat sleep and shop .
1	Voice is a little irritating .
0	Voice command feature is actually pretty cool but it is not perfect and I often have to repeat myself the kids however love talking to Maggie Magellan .
0	The voice recognition while not perfect is kinda cool . .
0	<p> Text to voice is nice . .
0	While voice is cool the unit is sometimes hard of hearing and you may need to issue commands multiple times to get it to respond . .
0	Some have reported false voice activations radio or something else triggers it to turn on .
0	There is an option to disable voice recognition .
0	<p> Voice prompts volume excellent . .
0	The voice commands work surprisingly well even with the car windows down and in moderately heavy traffic . .
0	We don't currently have a compatible bluetooth enabled cell phone so I can't comment on the cell phone bluetooth GPS interface functions and performance for GPS cell phone integrated voice dialing of phone numbers of motels restaurants and points of interest displayed by the 4250 . .
0	The 4250 is a great product although it never responds when I ask Where am I but it does to all other voice commands .
1	The voice on this not great . .
0	It's an irritating woman's voice that tends to grate on the nerves .
1	It drives me crazy that the voice reads every single bit of a long line of alternate road names .
0	The only caveat is that since the voice recognition and bluetooth are virtually useless I'd say that if one of their less expensive models lacks the voice recognition and bluetooth but is otherwise identical it would probably be the better bet .
0	The only thing I would like is to have a different voice option .
1	I have a hearing problem and Maggie's voice is sometimes hard to understand .
1	the other is that the voice recognition really does not work all that well .
1	unless you find this model on sale with a good price tag DON'T PAY EXTRA FOR THE VOICE COMMAND AND THE BLUE TOOTH .
1	the VOICE COMAND is uselss it covers only few opions and always you need a step to touch the screen it does not work properly in compact cars with high road noise unless you stop and roll up the windows then it will hear you well .
0	daaa I thought the voice comand is made to keep your hands on wheel and eyes on road WHILE DRIVING The only advantage for the voice comand is to SHOW OFF while having a passenger riding with you for the first time .
0	I went with the 4250 since it supported voice commands . .
0	Second Voice command is limited to a few commands which are convenient Third I found it difficult to navigate the website for map updates .
0	I would have loved to have customizable voice menu including a call Home feature at the minimum . .
0	The voice command capabilities make the unit a unique player in its class .
0	The best feature for me was the use of actual streets on the voice whick allows you to focus on the traffic and not have to look at the gps as much .
0	I have tried the voice command and it is picky about the way it like to be spoken too .
0	Of course the less outside noise the better the voice command works . .
0	The voice that announces the manuvers is pleasant enough .
0	I enjoy most the new features such as bluetooth AAA Tour book data voice reponse and the fact that for each turn you are directed to take it names the street .
1	My wife and I like the quick satlite search and recalculation feature but we don't like the voice feature . .
1	The voice is harsh and not very clear like the old model which doesn't speek the street names . .
0	I rely on the voice feature for my directions which meant I had to keep the radio lower than I normally do .
0	Four stars only because I bought one didn't have occasion to use it a lot other than looking up physical addresses for places I knew just to see how it works so not much use and after about 3 weeks it stopped giving text to voice directions meaning saying the street names .
0	It started acting like one that didn't have text voice .
0	I'm a little hinky that it too will un learn its text voice capability but only time will tell . .
0	The female voice sounds a bit too all business for my taste but oh well .
0	That was only because I was not paying attention to the voice on the GPS .
0	The only flaw is that when you change language to spanish there's no voice indication of streets only 'in such distance turn left etc .
0	The best feature is the voice prompt that tells you the street name and distance to your next turn . .
0	Portable GPS with voice directions and an easy to read screen . .
0	<p> Voice directions are clear . .
0	didn't like not being able to change the voice prompts .
0	this is my second garmin gps as a person who gets lost often this is a lifesaver I like everything about this product though i dont care for its voice a good buy for me . .
0	<p> Voice is clear and easy to understand and has nice sized screen . .
0	I don't give a rat's rump whether the voice sound robotic or not .
0	It is still a voice and I can understand it with no problem .
0	I was looking for a very basic set of features when I was shopping for a GPS device widescreen voice prompts and Canada maps included since we were planning our trip up North .
0	You can choose your vehicle voice to guide you and so many other wonderful features .
0	Garmin nuvi 260w a clear voice easy to operate Other reviews says . .
0	I google it first from the Computer and way we went oh you don't have to do this it is anoher experiment of mine Turned the GPS on same setting then pinpoint the highway then onto back roads nuvi260w the voice speak the names turn here turn there and the icon flag appear we stopped cause we're there .
0	I have the Nuvi voice set to Samantha with an Australian accent .
0	The voice is a little grating on my ears but I wear hearing aids in my four wheel vehicles and ear plugs on my motorcycles so that may be the problem .
0	However I would add that the voice prompts are quite clear and precise as they should be from technology derived from the military missile guidance systems and ship navigation systems . .
0	The voice is clear and pleasant and not over active . .
0	The voice is a bit grainy reception wise also .
0	This GPS is the best I owned clear voice and nice screen size best price at Amazon bought 2 of them for Christmas great deal fast shipping . .
0	The voice directions were extremely useful at night when I had to concentrate on the road ahead . .
0	is that I don't like the accent on the voice . .
0	I like having the voice give the name of the street where I've got to turn . .
0	The green they're talking about is their bottom line The voice quality at high levels over 70% is raspy .
0	it has turn by voice which is a 'must have' dont buy a model without it .
0	The voice is sharp while the previous one was clear without sounding like a drill sargent on a bad morning . .
0	There are various voice styles to choose from many which feature TTS reads the street name to you .
1	Voice muffled and not very clear .
0	The text to voice is great . .
0	A great buy It works like a charm and has many neat features You can change the voice to suit you and also the vehicle icon can be changed .
0	This GPS is AWESOME it was worth paying a little extra for the text to voice option telling you the name of the street name of person etc .
0	I've been told the British voice is actually easier to understand and may switch to that . .
0	The instructional voice is distinct .
0	98% of the time though directions are clear concise and voice prompts with street name pronunciations are easy to understand . .
0	Voice direction a plus .
0	The voice is easy to hear and understand . .
0	The voice is slightly robotic but it's not distractingly bad .
0	The navigator voice is very clear and understandable and the maps so far have been fairly accurate and seem up to date . .
0	easy to use like that it changes color when it gets dark voice very clear . .
0	The Garmin 260W was great Even when I had to detour 'Jill' found my way By the way Jill is the female voice of the 260W Excellent product for price reliability quality and service .
0	The voice on my Garmin was very clear and easy to understand even with my music playing .
0	Easy to operate and announcing roads stree names while getting directions make it beteer than other voice guided direction GPS without Texxt to Speach Capabiity .
0	But overall I am grateful for the patient even voice that merely says Recalculating when I fail to follow orders . .
0	Glad I paid a little extra to get the voice guidance model nice to be reminded when turns are coming up . .
0	The voice is clear but without any inflection thus a little boring . .
0	<p> Voice directions are excellent . .
0	However there is a hint of disparagement in the voice when it says Recalculating recalculating if I choose a route I am familiar with .
0	Sometimes the voice says turn left right etc without a street name . .
0	The voice directions are understandable and at just the right time to allow you to smoothly change lanes . .
0	The only thing is her voice .
0	The voice directions are great so you do not have to be focusing on the display when you should be looking at the road . .
0	Easy to use clear voice accurate directions etc etc etc . .
0	Not exactly a pleasant voice on the unit Changed to a gal with an accent and it is easier to listen to . .
0	There are a very wide range of voice options accents level of detail but aside from that this is extremely easy to use and intuitive .
0	The voice on this Garmin 260W is good and the directions are clear and timely .
0	The only really cool feature that I've seen on other units if the voice command feature not on this unit .
0	Also a problem that I found when researching these 'this may not be typical for all of this type but for the one I was looking at on Amazon' when you used the voice command it used up a lot of the processor and caused the maps to freeze glitch temporarily .
0	<p> Voice was easy to understand controls are simple features are sufficient . .
0	The unit made slight errors in voice directions each of which were immediately corrected before I could go astray .
0	I looked for a new GPS that was pretty basic but had turn by turn voice directions .
0	Well worth the money I paid for it works well voice very clear . .
0	The system allows you to see the streets that you are driving towards along with voice recognition .
0	You really needed accurate mapping and directions with a understandable speaking voice giving directions . .
0	The color is good and the voice directions were fine . .
0	The voice is loud enough to be heard . .
0	<p> VOICE EASY TO UNDERSTAND .
0	VOLUME OF VOICE CAN BE CONTROLLED .
0	The widescreen map is clear the voice is a great feature and I love the portability and the fact that I can charge it with my BlackBerry charger . .
0	The voice is a pretty cool feature and it's what makes this GPS well worth the price . .
0	Voice directions that speak the street names is very helpful on this model points of interest are accurate .
0	One thing that is kind of annoying is the fact that the voice will often say Doctor rather than Drive when saying a street name .
0	Tried it around town and I like the voice feature . .
0	After you get this I bet you will wonder why did I wait so long Besides the female voice never gets mad if you make a wrong turn . .
0	Amazing voice engine kills iGO and TomTom .
0	Plus the ausie chicks voice is attractive . .
0	The voice is understandable and directions are given early enough for adequate time to lane change etc . .
0	If you continue past a turn it takes about 2 seconds for it to recognize what happened and then the voice tells you Recalculating .
0	The only reason it didn't get 5 stars is because you can't change the voice .
0	This units voice is very clear and easy to understand I had set it a female voice but as it really is my wife's unit it ended with a male voice . .
0	Bought this for my husband and it's great He can go anywhere and as long as the voice to text is on he can get anywhere .
0	Also if you miss your exit the voice activated computer will recalculate your route and direct you to the right location .
0	Since the voice is feminine I named it Garmina Garmina is awesome for a directionally challenged person like me Would recommend .
0	I down loaded the newest maps and other voice and vehicle icons .
0	Getting the voice command to turn around will often occur if you are driving on a new bypass or roadway that the unit does not yet know about .
0	At the end of the day you need one that recalculates fast easy to use has a lot of points of interests and gets you there with simple visual and voice instructions .
1	the only problem for the GPS is that its voice is bad not sweet . .
1	The voice could be better and there's trouble pronouncing Spanish street names . .
0	<p> pleasant voice directions . .
0	Once I heard the voice I knew it must be Greta Garmin .
0	Sometimes I do not understand the electronic voice .
0	The voice is clear and easy to understand . .
1	Sometimes the voice commands announce an exit a little late but only when it's an exit right after a turn .
0	Plus as I headed into the woods on a dirt road that got narrower as I went I was glad to have the comforting Nuvi voice and clear map view telling me I wasn't lost . .
0	The voice is fine you can change between what voice you would like to use . .
0	The voice is softer than i expected compared to my old Garmin GPS . .
0	Wife was crooning over a British actor Christmas night so we gave ours the male British voice and have named it Hugh .
0	<p> Voice is loud and clear . .
0	The only negative comment we have is that the voice is quite different .
0	She had a soft and pleasant voice . .
0	Great product simple to use great turn by turn directions voice prompts I also purchased the dash mount cradle for both of us it is the best ever much better than the windshield mount that comes with the Nuvi . .
0	The voice was clear offered ample warning for turns etc and was definitely accurate . .
0	The most significant annoyance so far is that none of the voices I've tried to date seems quite as pleasant as the female American voice in the 2610 . .
0	1 Voice street names only pronounced in one voice Jill .
0	2 I get really annoyed with the redundancy of the voice command i e Turn right in 200 ft .
0	3 I really believe someone programmed sarcasm in the voice when she says Recalculating .
0	It is easy to use and has a nice clear voice . .
1	Now the voice selection is fairly limited on this machine I prefer the Britsh man voice he sounds sexy but paying an extra $100 or so is not worth the different voices . .
0	They patiently walked me through downloading a different voice .
0	<p> Voice is clear and map is exceptional . .
0	The only complaint he has had is that the voice is very robotic and occassionaly will not say the name of the street correctly .
0	The voice is clear and you have a limited choice of male and female voices . .
0	The voice is very clear . .
0	However my husband found Samantha's voice totally annoying .
0	I used the voice feature rather than looking at the maps and it was great .
0	The voice is kinda loud if you are talking to someone else but is good if your music is loud .
0	Has nice features such as ETA and voice selection .
1	The only reason I gave 4 stars is the lady voice is not as good as it is my 3 years old Street Pilot i5 and she speaks so fast . .
0	I was pleasantly surprised at how clear the TTS voice is albeit a bit distorted from time to time . .
0	About 20% of the time there seems to be a slight hesitation in the voice almost like it is loading something from the flash memory . .
1	The voice prompts can be a bit overdone .
0	The 260W has everything I wanted voice street names auto recalculating trips etc and none of the items I didn't want .
1	I set it to UK English voice since it sounds better but it switches to Yards instead of feet . .
0	It has a voice spoken announcements as to where to turn and other helpful info .
0	The voice prompts are great instructions are given well in advance of turns easy to operate . .
0	Haven't tried too much features yet but seems like there's only one voice at default . .
0	Would recommend to all especially with the voice over and Street names .
0	<p> Voice directions are very pleasant and I like the idea of being able to turn off the voice if you want to . .
0	The other feature that is really nice is the voice directions giving you the street name . .
0	The voice sounds synthesized and is not as nice as on my previous Street Pilot I would really like that voice on this unit but overall I am very satisfied .
0	I bought the nuvi 260w because I wanted the simplest cheapest nuvi with voice prompts and without the 5 in the model number that seems to indicate potential firmware trouble . .
0	The voice is plenty loud the map is easy to read and I think it's nice that the power connector is on the back it looks better than having one on the side .
0	We wish we had more voice selections but that is no big deal .
0	The voice is pleasant although a bit robotic but I still find the voice commands to be easy to understand even with the slight 'accent' . .
1	The voice is annoying especially if you listen to music and the real time driving image is distracting sometimes too much and can be dangerous while driving .
1	The voice is kinda raspy and I haven't botheed to download anything else .
0	Often the voice directions come a little too late to appropriately respond .
0	Everything in this nuvi unit is good the size batery view and voice .
0	They patiently walked me through downloading a different voice .
0	Sure there are others with more features but this one is great for the money and for beginners as well Voice is easily understood & for the most part pronounces everything correctly . .
0	The best part is the voice activation works every time No real negatives except one minor thing it took a long time to update . .
0	The bluetooth is clear and the voice activation button on the steering wheel makes it so easy to navigate . .
0	Second even though the iPhone does not support voice dial I am able to verbally navigate through the Garmin to make calls . .
0	The voice commands work wonderfully . .
0	The voice activation took some getting used to but it does pretty well .
0	The Garmin Nuvi 885T was just as advertised like new & all accessories were included with the exception of the remote for voice activation .
0	<p> Very clear voice instructions . .
0	The real winner for me is the voice activated commands . .
0	I have had voice activation option on laptop GPS software but it never worked to my satisfaction because the system was always doing random stuff from ambient noise and did not reliably recognize my commands .
0	The steering wheel mounted button remote on the 885t makes all the difference the 885t only responds to voice after the button is pushed and if radio is off or low and if people are not talking in the background the voice activation works well .
0	I am driving by myself a lot being able to say an address or phone number rather than struggle to punch it in is both convenient and safer My only real wish for improvement is that the internal directions voice and bluetooth telephone audio volume were louder .
0	I hear the voice responses just fine . .
0	I know MSN traffic is ending in 2011 but I bought the unit for it's gps capabilities and for the speech recognition and voice activated entries and for that it is unbeatable .
0	I also really like the voice activation . .
0	It takes some getting used to and like almost anything with voice activation it has its bumps . .
1	It doesn't pick up your voice as well when you are driving requiring that you repeat yourself . .
0	I bought the Garmin 885T with voice commands because I frequently need directions when in a location e g freeway that isn't convenient for stopping to reprogram the GPS unit .
0	The 885T elegantly resolves that issue the voice recognition works very well and is easy to use while driving . .
0	The voice recognition is great though I don't use it often . .
0	The voice recognition and the lane assist features are two big pluses for this unit .
0	Having a soft voice I usually have these problems when not using the Bluetooth function . .
0	It gets a satellite lock inside my house The voice recognition is the gem in this thing . .
0	Positives Voice recognitions lots of POIs on line sites like POI Factory to add custom POIs easy to do and a very good set of features .
0	On a trip do they expect you to only listen to the Garmin I figure if I use the mp3 option on an FM channel that maybe that is a way around the CD because I assume it will give voice prompts through the music audio have not tried .
0	The band for the voice recognition button barely fits my steering wheel last notch on some others that are larger it could be an issue but I think this may be minor .
0	<p> Voice command works differently that by hand or finger . .
1	Voice command doesn't have a help .
1	My preferred voice Australian Karen WAS missing This was a real persons voice .
1	Losses voice preference often usually after any kind of boot up I loose Karen .
1	And I have to reset her to be voice used .
0	The voice commands work satisfactorily and better than I had anticipated . .
0	The ability of this GPS to be run completely via voice makes it worth the money . .
0	The only problem I had was understanding the female voice on one street .
0	Voice activation that actually works and is practical to use . .
0	The voice recognition works well if you turn off your radio and any other noise makers in the car . .
0	The american woman's speaking voice does not sound angry when she speaks . .
0	I paid $374 for this model in order to get the voice recognition .
0	Using the voice dial I have to say each number 2 times .
0	The voice recognition is just not worth the $200 premium and in fact it is a liability .
0	The 780 has everything the 885 has except voice recogition and is $199 .
0	The 885t's voice recognition is superior to the 880 . .
0	However after reading various reviews I opted to go for the upgraded 885T unit with voice recognition . .
0	The voice commands worked well . .
0	It's voice activation feature is convenient and once you learn the commands improves your ability to safely manipulate the 885T while moving down the highway . .
0	When I first got the unit the ability to give it voice commands was great but it turned out to be just a novelty whose use was short lived . .
0	I never use the voice commands any more because the unit locks up much of the time when using voice commands .
0	The voice recognition is out of this world .
0	That coupled with voice recognition is really fun . .
0	This is the only model GPS that I know where the voice recognition actually works and allows you to do anything you could do by touching the screen . .
0	Their latest model the 3490LMT claims to have this feature but the voice recognition is poor and only certain commands are available making the feature useless .
0	The commands are fairly intuitive to begin with but moderate practice with the system yields big results and soon it is very easy to make a device work with just your voice . .
0	To be able to do all your navigation by voice is safer and easier in the long run . .
0	Voice recognition and all navigation features work great .
0	The voice recognition is fast and accurate . .
0	<p> Voice commands are fantastic . .
0	The FM transmitter works ok but there's no easy was to toggle between FM output and internal speaker while you're talking with Hands Free unless you're willing to start pressing buttons defeats the purpose of voice commands . .
0	The voice activation was poor the visibility poor and the GPS would often recalculate the trip when I didn't ask it to .
1	It does not include few features that the model lacking the voice recognition however such as the 785 which has 3d buildings and a couple other features the 885T doesn't which seems stupid since this is the top model of this type GPS and is far from cheap .
0	Lane guidance is a great feature if you remember to use it The voice recognition takes a while to get used to and learn the navigator phrases but overall a very useful device .
0	The voice activation works really good out of the box . .
0	Probably the biggest selling point for the 8X5 series is the voice activation feature .
0	Virtually every menu function can be accessed through the voice command system .
0	They need to streamline the voice commands as well . .
0	After each one you give you need to wait for a voice prompt from the unit . .
0	I had to turn media down to 60% to match the voice direction .
0	The sound is fairly loud the voice recognition works great even with my English accent as English is my 2nd language . .
0	But the coolest thing about this unit comes in the form the Voice Recognition VR capabilities .
0	As I said above I love my 760 but the 885 is just a little more finished than the 760 plus the voice capabilities in themselves are worth a small fortune .
0	The remote voice control is the greatest selling point however it has serious limitations . .
0	Most disappointing about the remote voice control it does not allow you to speak NEW letters or numbers for the street addresses instead you have to touch screen each letter number all of which is a serious distraction while driving .
0	If you already have the address saved then voice recognition does an excellent and quick selection once you learn the command protocol . .
0	It is possible that this one major limitation to an otherwise excellent voice recognition sand control device might be fixable since I get an error message stating voice recognition does not work for this function or words to that effect . .
0	The voice recognition is superb and unless I have the top down in the car works every time and is easy to learn . .
0	My sole reason for replacing it was to evaluate their voice recognition system .
0	Voice instructions are obviously far safer than attempting to drive and manipulate various GPS instructions .
0	Best feature is being able to control the functions with a voice command .
0	The voice recognition is good with some things to be aware of . .
1	The internal microphone is okay but if your listening to music you're fooling yourself if you think its going to be able to distinguish your voice from the sound from your car stereo .
0	One of the limitations with my Centro is that I can't voice dial my contacts names .
0	The Nuvi does upload my contact list but I have to page through page after page of 4 or 5 names per page to get to what I want because my phone won't bluetooth voice dial .
0	Instead of waiting for the Garmin to receive another voice command I'll probably just reach up and use the touchscreen to page down to my contact and select it .
0	Answering and speaking with both hands on the steering wheel while doing my job is fantastic Being able to do everyting with voice commands is worth the extra $$$ . .
0	The voice recognition feature is such an improvement over the touch screen models .
0	The feature that drew us to this GPS was the voice activated commands .
0	However it was able to locate using the voice activation .
0	The one other quirk we have found is points of interest using voice activation .
0	The voice actuation buttons were attached to the shift lever rather than the steering wheel .
0	The voice recognition works flawlessly . .
0	I use the British Emily voice because I like the clear pronunciation . .
0	The one thing about the voice commands that I don't like is it takes too long to burrow down to a saved waypoint er favorite on the 885T .
0	The voice recognition is very difficult to understand due to emphasis on last syllables of streets and routes and seemingly incorrect pronunciation of certain letters .
0	The voice entry for addresses worked a treat and I was happy with the map accuracy . .
0	Easy to navigate various menus using voice commands .
0	Would be nice to hear with better clarity during a phone call but the guidance voice sounds fine . .
0	She enjoys the voice recognition and uses it a lot . .
0	The voice recognition is top of the line once you learn its vocab . .
0	<p> Voice recognition is good but not great There are some words it just can't understand like Target and Radio Shack . .
0	I am very fond of the voice activation as well . .
0	Nokia 6650 Problem had to do with voice tags which neither Garmin nor Nokia spent adequate time explaining .
1	Voice level needs to be louder .
1	The sound was not as clear as it should have been and people I spoke to through the garmin told me that my voice was not clear some of the time during the conversation . .
0	The music player works great too and I can access it via hands free as well The music will fade down and the voice of the GPS will chime in over to inform you of where you need to be going .
0	I found the 885T's ability to understand voice commands and respond to them a wonderful asset when ones hands are occupied with driving .
0	Voice recognition is indeed very good and is convenient to use .
0	the hands free voice operation is surprising at how well it does work . .
0	The touchscreen responds well but I find myself using the remote button on the steering wheel to activate the voice recognition system for most things .
0	On the way I noticed I had some time based on the estimated arrival time so I used the voice recognition to find a Fry's Electronics so I could 'browse' for a bit .
0	I get lost a lot so finding one with voice commands was very important to me . .
0	I also like the voice command if there is no noise or I am driving very slowly . .
0	When it recognizes your voice it works perfectly . .
1	The negatives to me are the following I have a Jeep Wrangler and the voice recognition does not work very well with me driving or my window down . .
0	I will be yelling at the garmin and with any other noise the 885t will not seem to hear my voice .
0	The voice comand works great the spoken directions from the gps are clear and accurate and it gives you plenty of time to make your turns by speaking the name of the road you will turn on . .
0	I considered many reviews and reluctantly for the voice recognition feature decided on the 885t .
0	The voice recognition feature works well and it is safer to use while driving as it allows one to operate the 885t while your eyes and concentration remain on the road . .
0	However to make voice recognition work you need to say the words and phrases EXACTLY as they are in the manual . .
0	The voice recognition works well and I use it all the time . .
0	As it has voice recognition who cares about the screen Well most route planning is done on the screen before you get into the car .
0	In contrast if I use the voice recognition feature in a certain sequence in combination with the Music Player or Show Flight Status commands I can freeze the 885t up every time .
0	The voice recognition is convenient and safe . .
0	I primarily wanted to have the voice recognition capability for use when driving in heavy traffic areas for hands free control of the unit . .
0	The voice recognition command functions works very well under the right conditions and after you are familiar of the different screens and screen command functions . .
0	It does have a sensitive microphone although with its placement on the back of the unit you sometimes have to repeat a command using a louder voice at times .
0	When using voice recognition turn your radio off the AC heater fan blower down minimizing as many background noises as possible and it will easily recognize your voice commands when conditions are right .
0	The system then has to repeat the function name that you just pronounced before you can proceed with the next voice command .
0	The map zoom function by voice command took me awhile to figure out not detailed in the manual .
0	<p> Voice commands worked great when driving on the 405 in Los Angeles heavy freeway traffic . .
0	Didn't have to take my hands off the steering wheel using the voice functions .
0	It's learning curve user friendly on GPS operations and voice command usage . .
0	I have two autos the voice communication is better in my car than in my truck because the truck is very noisey . .
0	So now it seems to be working well and I do like the voice commands for accessing the hands free or finding gas or restaurants . .
0	Had several problems with the TomTom units voice command and blue tooth & returned it as cust service lied to me rude and didn't know their butts from a telephone booth .
0	Next was a Magellan top of the line 4700 unit and cust service was ok but it didn't do what I wanted voice command was weak and it led me to places Christopher Columbus couldn't find .
0	Both tomtoms and the Magellan sucked hard for voice commands using it to talk on the phone hands free and nobody could hear me and I couldn't hear them when using for a handsfree phone option .
0	and like I said I have NEVER been so impressed with anything electronic in my life and when it gets you where you are going finds places to eat recreation spots and anything else you can imagine with a simple voice command without having to finger fondle it to death and still be lost in my opinion is worth 3 times what they sell for because for 4 months it has done everything I have EVER asked it to do with NO FAIL and does everything but drive your car for you 100% of the time .
0	This thing even lets you record and use you OWN or anyone you wishes voice for hearing prompts for navigation or any thing else it tells you .
0	It has many features that were a delight such as voice interface commands and bluetooth to mention a couple . .
0	I didn't need all of the bells and whistles like bluetooth voice activation voice commands mp3 player etc . .
0	Volume and voice quality is improved . .
0	People listen up this UNIT HAS A VOICE Nowhere in the review do I read that the unit speaks the route as you drive .
0	If you pick different voice some of them will not give street names .
0	However in the voice setting it will clearly tell you which one of them will give street names or not in parenthesis . .
0	I kept the volume at 90% which was clearly audible but the voice crackled a bit which I am hoping was not due to speaker defect but vibrations caused due the higher volume level . .
0	I decided to discontinue my data plan and moved to an inexpensive prepaid voice plan . .
0	The speaking voice is a little obnoxious but tolerable .
0	He loves it He mainly wanted one that said the exit street name out loud and other than the voice not always correctly pronouncing the street he is very pleased with this GPS . .
0	after 20 days traveling in US I am very familiar with the voice command .
0	I found no issues with the voice prompts as some others mentioned . .
0	I really did miss the voice when you took a wrong turn on the old 255W Recalculating .
1	The women's voice isn't as pleasing as the last one we had but we will get used to it Actually after using this some really like it . .
0	Woman's voice also tells you the above information .
0	the voice is clear and warns you ahead of time of turns and also shows upcoming intersections . .
0	At first there was this horrible voice giving me directions but I took the time to call Garmin 28 minute wait but they were able to tell me how to select a different voice thank goodness I really think I would have returned it if I had to listen to the voice that it was set at out of the box .
0	The 2nd voice is much more pleasant . .
1	<i> Voice still not as nice as the original Garmin . .
0	as generally the voice pronounces them incorrectly but hey it still helps .
0	For those of you who don't like the factory set voice go to the settings menu then language and there are two voices Michelle and Samantha or something like that select whichever one is not currently selected and save . .
0	I even like the voice female on the unit a lot more than the last one . .
0	A loud clear voice that will overcome road noise . .
0	The Tom Tom has a great lane assist feature but lousy voice and terrible pronunciation of names .
0	I turned it on and then Snape's voice said Turn to the highlighted route Very durable and sturdy .
0	The voice prompts on the Nuvi 50LM are loud enough to be heard over ambient noises and the larger screen really makes a difference .
0	When turning the voice prompts are more detailed than with the 350 .
0	There's only one TTS voice for English .
0	They added a new female voice but only the original one speaks street names therefore the 4 star rating .
0	The voice is very loud in fact we had to turn it down to around 70% and it was still very discernable even with the car radio on .
0	But it's plagued with a grim robotic voice that urgently barks out orders .
0	what were they thinking I owned a Garmin before this one and the voice was reasonable pleasant . .
0	The voice is clear and thank goodness there is no recalculating voice . .
0	One is a very computerized voice which speaks the street names .
0	This voice sounds muffled and is not clear .
0	The other voice is more conversational and clear but does not speak street names .
0	Using the American English female voice I can hear the route commands very clearly at 70% volume .
0	With clear and ample advance warning voice instruction to position us in the correct lane . .
0	You can change the voice of the audio commands .
0	We found the default voice to be somewhat stern in tone .
0	So we switched to softer female voice . .
0	Nice device it is easy clear voice strong body & 1548 and Value less it is real good i like this gps device . .
0	<p> Voice is clear directions are easy to use the 5 inch screen helps to see the route and it gives information for the next turn by indicating how many miles to go . .
0	I found the voices to work quite well I installed the voice upgrades from the Garmin Web Updater program . .
0	At roughly 120 00 this GPS is a steal working right out of the box and never failing to find my destination so far glad they got rid of the recalculating voice that was so annoying when you missed your turn all in all I'm still a big Garmin fan .
0	The voice tells me where to go but if I know another direction it changes with me We have already used it in town and on vacation .
0	Entertaining and during a longer drive the voice will say something usually off beat and this tends to 'wake you up' if you are driving bored .
0	The simple design combined with a clear loud voice and bright highly visible display sold me on this unit . .
0	<p> Voice is very clear and easy to understand . .
0	What I love about this GPS is that the voice tells you what street you'll be turning onto .
0	No Traffic warnings no voice recognition no lifetime maps .
0	I noticed that they got rid of the Man's voice AND got rid of the condescending recalculating voice prompt that my old Garmin had when I veered off course .
0	The default voice is strong and easy tonhear understand . .
0	There are multiple language selection on both interface text and voice direction .
