1	The visual of a major interchange sign made it so much easier to follow the voice and progress output of the unit.
1	All in all, display is nice, easy to use and voices are easy to understand, but not reliable enough for daily use.
1	Was very excited about the voice command so it could be used hands free, but that is only good if the unit actually works.
1	The  voice is sort of herky-jerky  and muffled and has difficulty pronouncing normal American English words.
1	We recently used the device on an extended trip in the upper peninsula of Michigan and many times Jill (the named American English voice) had no clue how to get us where we were going, could not find many addresses even on identified US and State highways, or could not find exact addresses when provided -- "No match.
1	This GPS is simply poor: the  voices are horrible , the comments/directions are chopped, hard to understand.
1	Minuses are: limited traffic availability on this type of system, difficulties switching between screens (limited shortcut buttons), poor sound quality, extremely  limited voice choices  (as compared to Magellan), extremely limited icon choices (as compared to Magellan), awkward and unclear on-line updates and support information, and loss of traffic feature if not on power cord.
1	So i originally bought the 255 model but i think the one i received was defective since it would shut off on its own and the  voice sounded a bit distorted  at times.
1	The second was much worse - touchscreen froze up at times, electronic  voice became distorted  at times, phone wouldn't pair right.
1	The default speaking  voice was just AWFUL  - like a 20 year old computer voice with uneven phrasing and accents.
1	Fortunately there were other english voices I could swap to.
1	This 350 has nice voice/accent choices, and its feature of announcing turns by street names is helpful.
1	It seemed  like a good deal  but  once the  voice goes   you are  out of luck  Garmin  charges  $99  to  repair  it  but  you can buy an  new  one for that.
1	So  consider  it  a voiceless  gps  or disposable.
1	However voice sounds like an 80 year-old lady (apologies to octogenarians)and the downloads for updates take forever it seems.
1	I recently used my new Garmin 1450LMT on a 1300 mile trip; (I've named it Jill after the female who's voice is on the unit).
1	I would have lost the voice directions, help information, and other useful features on the GPS.
1	I don't really like the trend toward adding unnecessary bells and whistles, like MP3 player,3D building view, junction view, voice activated commands (how can that possibly be anything but a source of frustration in a carload of kids?
1	heading southbound on the I-15 approaching the Pasadena 210 freeway about 2 miles ahead, the Nuvi (in the British Emily voice) tells me to stay on the left side of the I-15, which I ignored since I already knew the area, and I had to stay on the right side of the freeway for the 210 onramp.
1	It rendered the use of the bluetooth and voice command features useless.
1	Shortly after the transfer to the Supervisor's voicemail, I went back online to mygarmin to delete the unit from my products.
1	The prompts are generally easy to follow, the voice instructions are good with sufficient time to change lanes for upcoming turns, and the lane indicator is really nice when it's available.
1	Route calculation and recalculation: When I got my first Garmin, several years ago, it had a feature which that I found really annoying and drove me crazy: every time I deviated from its planned route the voice said 'recalculating'.
1	They've taken away the option to switch the  nagging voice off !
1	Being British I selected UK English language, but on my unit the UK English  voice doesn't work .
1	Also when mounted, it wouldn't make any other sounds: no beeps or voice navigation.
1	You need to  delete the foreign voices  for room, best to buy a SD card.
1	You don't seem to be able to use it for extra voices, vehicle icons, etc.
1	The voice activated feature was awesome and worked very well for me.
1	8 MB of free space (after deleting the voice and help files) out of 1.
1	when I voice command it says add to current route or start new route.
1	I have purchased this unit last March and  never was able to get voice guidance , Garmin has offered me to fixe the problem but there will be a 90 days turnaround.
1	I emailed customer support and they suggested deleting all unnecessary files like other voices, text, keyboard help files not in your native languages (free up space).
1	The  computer-generated  voices are mediocre , though I found the male voice more understandable.
1	Its not accurate when it tells  me where to make a turn with the voice, you better watch for the highlighted road in the screen.
1	Excellent voice prompt with street names pronounced.
1	But, you have to pace yourself and wait for the ready icon to turn green before you can voice the next command.
1	When the device plug-in power, it provide pretty  loud guidance voice  (such as left turn at xxx street, etc).
1	But if you un-plug the power and use its battery (with fully charged battery), its guidance spoken voice volume reduced about only half loud.
1	I think that one is able to download additional voices from the Garmin website, however, I think that this unit should have arrived with more voice options.
1	I have had major issues with the 3790T, its pretty and worked well and all of a sudden would recalcualte, then the maps would disappear but the voice directions would continue.
1	The  voice was pretty annoying  and the pronunciation of names of roads was pretty amusing.
1	The  voice recognition is fair , at best.
1	I returned the first unit that I received, due to  POOR voice quality  (Not sure it the problem was the audio chip or the speaker), the second unit receives was the same, I am in the process of returnng the 2nd unit.
1	Time being short for Christmas, I had to choose a different model in a local store, voice is clear, like the older mode.
1	*COMPUTER INTERFACE: This is a great feature allowing you to buy subscriptions, update your unit's software, and customize your voices & vehicles.
1	And the  voice is very shaky .
1	As to cell/bluetooth however I had to keep the voice /sound on in order to use it but I've had the voice off for 2 years on my old unit.
1	The voice is customizable and the volume can be controlled very well.
1	The navigational voice commands are great and normally very loud and clear.
1	The voice is very audible in my right ear, but of course I can't see or touch the screen when it is in this position.
1	It doesn't have the voice commands but is superior in every other way as a navigational unit.
1	My Garmim 265 has a natural smooth clear voice that is easy to understand (very important when driving).
1	If they get enough calls then maybe that will be enough incentive to improve the 1350s voice quality if there is a problem.
1	PS: The tech tried to put the voice from my 265 into the 1350 but it was incompatible.
1	I also liked the ability to choose between different voices with the TomTom, which the Nuvi doesn't have, although this is not essential.
1	No selection of (standard/free) natural human voices to choose from--not even online, for that you have to pay.
1	2) Blue tooth - paired with Samsung Vibrant (tmo) i can  hear eco kind of  voice - not so clear .
1	the screen is good, voice and  color are also good.
1	 voice commands where intermittent , rebooting while underway, pop up ads.
1	When the GPS arrived I turned it on to try the voice program and found this was the wrong model.
1	Now I keep my IPAD charged and ready with the voice turn by turn just in case Get the free apps from Apple and you can be further ahead.
1	too bright at night 7) i haven't found voice alert for over speeding.
1	I use the Nuvi on business trips every week and several times I've almost killed myself on the highway as the suction cup releases, the Nuvi goes flying as I turn on a curve and the next thing you know, I'm palying hide and seek with some computer voice talking to me from somewhere on the floor.
1	The GPS's voices are amazingly natural sounding.
1	Where TomTom comes with software to update your device and to load different, map colors, voices.
1	TomTom's voice has the feature that the faster the car goes the louder the voice gets and I found this to be a helpful feature that is absent in the Garmin.
1	 voice is slightly annoying  and sometimes hard to understand.
1	My wife has the Garmin 3790 voice activated version, it is a much better unit and much easier to manage since you just speak verbal commands instead of typing text.
1	This model has current maps and voice notification of street names.
1	Our only problemm was the voice activation was not done at the factory, but a call to the 800 number was helpful and took care of the problem.
1	I have since purchased the nuvi 205W, the nuvi 780 (for my wife) and the 885T which, like the 3790LMT, also has a voice command feature but it has a remote button that you strap to your steering wheel to enable the nuvi to start listening for voice commands.
1	Because I will soon not be able to receive traffic data on my nuvi 885T thanks to the discontinuation of the Microsoft Direct service in 2012, I upgraded to the nuvi 3790LMT thinking I was going to get a much more refined voice-command experience.
1	For example, the ability to jump to any screen by voice (such as "traffic" or "tools" or "settings") is no longer available.
1	Had this been my first unit with voice command, I would probably be very pleased.
1	Voices Pros: It has a male and female voice that will allow street names and turn by turn to work.
1	Cons: The female voice sounds like the emergency weather broadcast voice on the radio.
1	The male sounds like the old robot voices from the sixties and has a bad speech impediment.
1	Also the voice choices are minimal and very unpleasant to listen to.
1	Consistently hearing the "emergency weather broadcast voice" announce direction is discerning but worst yet is a male robot with a speech problem.
1	Overall the text-to-speech and the timing of the voice prompt is good on Garmin.
1	This thing is dangerous, has asked us to turn into the ocean and onto non existent highways, thank God the  voice simulator is so bad  it is incomprehensible most of the time, or we would be at the bottom of the ocean.
1	But they still need a voice prompt that simply says "straight as possible".
1	3 - The  voice selection is terrible .
1	I know you can buy other voices but is it really too much to ask for one free voice that isn't grating to listen to on a trip that lasts more than 15 minutes?
1	Also, the  voice is not easy to understand .
1	Also, the  voice is computer-y .
1	The  voice instructions are replete with erroneous instructions ,i.
1	a lot of customization you could have, like downloading different vehicles, voices, or record your own voice.
1	Nightmare and is by far my most favorite voice and is excellent quality.
1	At high volumes, the  voice is scratchy  and a bit hard to understand properly.
1	Unfortunately, the device is remarkably insensitive to the female voice.
1	An interesting aside: Garmin's eTrex, a portable unit more designed around the notion of hiking and walking, has virtually all of the features of the nuvi (and their other car navigation units) except for voice prompts.
1	I momentarily considered going that route (he-he) but really wanted to stay with voice prompts.
1	Also the  voice guidance is pretty slow , especially in city.
1	), and last, the voice speak the street name doesn't work often, I have to reset preference to make it work.
1	There is only one voice available that announces the street names which is a woman.
1	I would really prefer my old pal "Dan", a guy,s voice on the old Pilot.
1	for this kind money I find it disappointing to have not one other English voice choice.
1	The spoken voice is nice on the Garmin, and the default can be changed to several different voices, even with British or Australian accents, male or female.
1	The Magellan has a single female voice that sounds a bit like a drill sergeant, but ultimately I preferred her warnings and the tones that sound just prior to turns.
1	The 350 is light, pocket size; lcd is bright; voice is clear; text-speech is great; play mp3 and photos even though I don't expect to use them very much.
1	Issues: Maps don't appear to be up-to-date (yes, even after running it through the latest update) It sometimes takes 10-15 minutes to pick up reception Traffic is RARELY picked up The voice command feature is weak, at best The only "alerts" I ever get occur when a Best Western is near!
1	Tomtom is good and some even have voice and street turn directions, as well, but it might cost more.
1	Over 30 minutes of warning with decent estimates of miles/minutes delay   Lane assist, very helpful   As one with visual issues, the 5" screen and increased font size were much more readable   Blue tooth worked well, very clear and usable CONS: Popup ads are annoying but not horrible   Too many options/extras (such as voices) must now be purchased.
1	I was able to transfer voice files (.
1	I did not like the default English voice or the voices of any "girls".
1	*  Unreliable response to voice commands while driving, I had to repeat each command about 5 times and then it misinterprets what I'm saying.
1	The sound quality (mp3 and voice) is pretty decent for a piece of equipment its size, and before my Nuvi went bezerk, it was really easy to use too.
1	The voice recognition is a great feature thst allows for hands free driving, however, the number of commands are limited compared to a previous GPS that I have used with voice recognition.
1	On this model you can not call up a traffic map by voice which I find helpful at times.
1	I prefer to cut the volumn on that  annoying voice (recalculating)  when I am in areas that are familiar.
1	Built-in  voice (American English Jill) sounds horrible  and slow.
1	Garmin is very slow to acquire satellites, the  voice guidance is tinny , and the distance to make a turn is, at times, inaccurate (Garmin can show another 60 feet to turn when the turn is actually at hand).
1	The voice on the GPS is also more "robotic" sounding and not as crisp as "Karen" in my previous Garmin Nuvi 550.
1	Besides, due to small internal storage size, you  MUST delete some voice  files from the unit to install a new firmware.
1	Both have great features, the voices are great, but the Garmin is like a Ferrari that runs out of gas before you can get to a gas station.
1	While I enjoy this device, I'm disappointed in the lack of more current technology improvement and poor design for the heat problems, elementary voice recognition and still needs major user interface design improvements in display and navigation.
1	I delete the Spanish, French and Canadian voices (which, by the way, now means I can't sell this thing internationally in the future).
1	GPS Navigator  voice commands are very unclear  and terrible.
1	On the not so good side - We find the GPS  voice to be not as clear  as other GPSs we have used.
1	8)Jills  voice is now very annoying  and rough, maybe new speakers.
1	4) The  voice commands operate only a limited set  of features; the recognition is slow and not always reliable.
1	I have been led several times to frontage and side road destinations with the voice declaring it's success, only to find that I was a mile or miles from my intended target.
1	Secondly, the  voice (we'll call her Brenda) is more tinny  and less amplified as in the other units.
1	plan on keeping this unit plugged in at all times and keep the radio volume down low so as not to miss when Brenda speaks in her newly designed somewhat timid and tinny voice.
1	Lastly, the  voices on this unit are marginal , at best.
1	2) the  voice on the device is robotic , monotonous and absolutely annoying!
1	" * Robot voice is annoying  and totally unnecessary.
1	* Robotic  voice is also confusing .
1	"  (Pronounce it both aloud in a  robotic voice  and you'll see what I mean.
1	Synthetic  voice (nicknamed Sally) was poor  - sounded like she was gargling all the time.
1	When it restarts, all the settings have been reset, including voices and brightness.
1	However a co-worker of mine has the Nuvi 3760LMT which is the same device  without voice  control (which sucks by the way), and his unit works perfectly fine.
1	My third and final issue is that the  voice options in Garmin's garage is limited  to say the least.
1	Dislikes in no particular order -  voice choices (2 only) are unintelligible  a lot of the time.
1	) Anyway, I didn't find this product particularly intuitive or user friendly, the  voice activation was pretty much useless  - maybe its designed for people who have had some experience with a GPS.
1	(not a big deal) - Wind noise from window down or music/radio playing - hard to near  impossible to hear the voice prompts  and turn directions.
1	With the extra room I would have assumed a better speaker but the old familiar voices are there.
1	 No voice recognition  (or at least I couldn't find it) 3.
1	Synthesized  voice is horrible  5.
1	I like the voice turn by turn navigation, the estimated time of arrival, and many of the other features.
1	Well, the  voice commands are horrible .
1	I have the Ford Sync(2008) and a Droid phone and the voice commands on both of them kill the Garmin.
1	Next, I put the unit in simulation mode and tried to use voice activation commands to simulate routes, and it crashed again.
1	The first thing I notice about the Garman unit was the  voice was very annoying  and  harsh.
1	I seen if I could get a different voice but had no luck.
1	In my opinion my old Magellan  is far better unit and I love the voice on that unit.
1	I returned the Garman 1490ltm PS there is nothing wrong with the 1490 but that woman  horrible voice  was too much for me to take when driving on a trip.
1	My favorite feature is it's voice commands of where to turn gives you plenty of time to turn without having to make a last minute dangerous maneuver in your car.
1	PROS: - Voice recognition works surprisingly well - Fairly fast with finding a new route - Nice voice, easy to understand - Loud and clear with easy volume control - Love the lane-by-lane detailed views - Good timing with the navigation directions.
1	], noted the increased route and waypoint capacity of the 3790 as opposed to the 760, and purchased it based primarily on that (but also for voice commands and because I like the new lightweight design).
1	In addition to sometimes having to repeat myself several times, even in a quiet car with the windows closed (and I do not have a strong accent that would make it difficult for the device to understand me), the  voice commands do not have all the functionality  of selecting destinations that the touchscreen-driven menu has.
1	For example, it is not possible to list destinations 'near' using voice commands, such as 'near' my current route, or 'near' my current destination.
1	The voice commands will only display destinations near my current position.
1	Also, the voice command menus do not list distance information when you 'find by address', so in order to get that information, you must use the touchscreen-driven menu.
1	Also the voice navigation sounds robotic, and the navigation is not on-cue.
1	Everything is fine EXCEPT the  voice --everything sounds tinny  or like it is under water.
1	And that navigation comes with voice commands, faster re-routing if you scrap the plan, better traffic avoidance - all advertisement free.
1	As the return was solo, I felt the voice nav was an important feature.
1	It would be nice if it could xmit its voice commands through the stereo.
1	I tried to delete unnecessary voices,keyboards,languages; the 2012 map with junction view still needed more memory.
1	When directions were spoken, the  voice was extremely muffled  and difficult to hear.
1	I found that the picture was always correct, but the  voice was wrong .
1	3) The  voice quality was not good .
1	From the Garmin website, you can customize your vehicle's on-screen appearance using several different options (including "holiday" images), navigator voices, upload JPG images to customize details, get games (although for the life of me, I don't know WHY you would want games on a GPS unit) and subscribe to traffic updates (the LM means you get free lifetime-map updates, but if you want traffic information, you'll have to subscribe to that feature.
1	The unit is easy to view  , voice is clear - Having this item for a short few months  I've tried it out here in town  such as going to church which is a straight shot EAST from Residence once on the main road , with only one right turn to navigate  - instead of going direct - unit wanted to go all around town before arriving at destination.
1	I bought this product after returning the newer Garmin 50lm because the voice is much better on the 1400 series than the entry level 2012 50lm series.
1	The voice command was useless without my reading glasses because of all the line prompts.
1	Everything is so easy to use, plenty of info, I don't need my glasses to use the easy to use voice command.
1	I did a test and ran my 360 and 1390 at the same time for a trip and found that the timing of the  voice instructions for the 1390 was too slow .
1	At first it seemed great; it's very thin with a bright beautiful screen, the 3d mapping is super cool in the city, and the Bluetooth and voice control worked fine.
1	The volume control would reset on its own, muting calls but making the  voiced-over directions really loud .
1	The voice in the old nuvi is perfectly clear and smooth.
1	The voice in the new 1350 sounds like a PMSing woman shouting from inside a thick cardboard box; absolutely gawd-awful sound and extremely irritating.
1	Then again, I've got the volume at 100% just so that I can hear the voice on a hot summer day in my car with the a/c fan crankin'.
1	Ideas for improvement: I'm not sure what the higher end models do with the Bluetooth connectivity, but I'd love for this GPS to broadcast into my Bluetooth earpiece so that the GPS "voice" doesn't disturb anyone else in the car if they might be sleeping.
1	It would also be cool to hear the voice interrupt my radio so that I could listen to music and then hear the GPS directions as they are spoken.
1	Finally, in order to install the newest maps, you -will- have to delete unneeded voices from the device to make room for the maps.
1	UPDATE: 12/3/2011 - I recently purchased a TomTom Go Live 1535M and have to tell you that the Garmin menu system, voice commands, accuracy and display of posted speed limit and so much more is significantly superior to the TomTom.
1	Although the TomTom has a great looking display and the the 3D look is superb, the operation of the screen is very sluggish and the  voice prompts are not as helpful  as the Garmin.
1	My issues: the  voice quality on this GPS was poor , the audio cuts off mid sentence when providing directions, the map refresh rate is poor, with frequent freezing between screens, the touchscreen was not very sensitive in a specific area on the touchscreen, and the display sometimes spins way off axis when I am on an exit ramp.
1	The voice directions were clear and accurate and gave you plenty of time to anticipate your turns (the route still stunk).
1	When I came back to try out the voice command feature I found the unit stone dead.
1	I had trouble the whole trip finding POI's and addresses, voice command activating without prompts, maps not fully drawing, the problems went on and on.
1	If the voice command feature was activated unintentionally, we recommend you set a more complex activation phrase to prevent this from reoccurring.
1	To reduce the number of accidental voice command wake-ups, increase the length of your wakeup phrase.
1	To change the wakeup phrase on the nuvi 3790, please follow the instructions below: Touch Tools on the main menu Touch Voice Command Touch Customize Phrase Type the word or phrase of your choice Touch Done Once you are happy with your wakeup phrase, simply speak the phrase to activate voice command.
1	The voice activation feature activated itself several times for no apparent reason.
1	The  voice is very annoying .
1	Loved the voice command but there was a frustrating problem.
1	The second time I used the voice command, it restarted in the middle of address entry.
1	(yes I freed up a ton of memory by deleting every unneeded voice/keyboard.
1	Only thing I didn't like was the computer generated voice was not 100% crisp and sound like she was nervous.
1	It shows "calculating" at the top of the screen but voices it as well (more than once sometimes), whereas the Magellan just shows it at the top of the screen but remains silent (which I like better).
1	One other thing, when I'm taking freeways/tollways and the Garmin tells me to exit, it shows at the top of the screen the name of the exit but the voice just says the name of the freeway I'm on.
1	Secondly, the  voice features are lacking  in both audio quality (cheap small speaker) and articulation.
1	Unfortunately, when starting it up, I find the maps load a bit slow and and as I'm driving, the voice gives one direction while the display is showing the opposite, e.
1	Also, more often than not, the voice directive is given too close to the actual needed maneuver and I miss my turn.
1	The Garmin is worse than the Droid in the following ways: 1)  The Garmin's touch screen is much less intuitive/friendly 2)  The Droid allows voice commands, so you don't have to type in an address.
1	I would much prefer the Garmin if it allowed voice commands, and if it had a better course overview.
1	Anyway, I e-mailed Garmin and they told me to delete all the help & voice files except American English.
1	The voice activation feature in particular is a special kind of garbage, if you insist on buying this GPS, do yourself a favor and pass on the voice model.
1	There were many laughs to be had as we attempted to get the GPS into listen mode "voice command, VOICE COMMAND.
1	If you do buy one, use the screen as you will most likely get lost following the voice prompts.
1	The first thing I noticed was that the  voice directions, while plenty loud , sounded very raspy like the computer had a sore throat.
1	It constantly froze, screen turned black but I could still hear the voice prompts.
1	So, I deleted all the non-emglish voices from the 1490LMT, after which I was able to download the entire map.
1	Pros: - GPS works well most of the time - I found it easy to follow with clear voice annunciation of upcoming turns.
1	Quirky at times and don't know how to stop the voice from telling me to one route when I know I want to another routr.
1	The voice feature has loud and clear directions.
1	The unit would indicate a left turn and the voice would say turn right.
1	The volume if VERY low, give you turn info (voice) sometimes after the street.
1	The display of the current street name at the top of the page when navigating and voice  messages that included the street names at turning points.
1	Yes there are other voices but other units I have tried are not cryptic like this one.
1	Launching the voice Menu interface is easy and the phrase is customizable.
1	Changing volume, and bringing up the Map Interface using voice commands is also great for keeping your attention on the road while adjusting your Nuvi settings.
1	- Once you start using Garmins voice command, you'll probably never go back to manual entry.
1	I hear the next iteration of Garmin Nuvi will include internet + google which should address this issue, but until then, if you're solely deciding to buy the 3790 based on the voice commands, then maybe you should wait a bit longer.
1	When the unit was showing a right turn, the voice commands were telling me to turn left, and vice versa.
1	It's slow, and I seem unable to interrupt its voice confirmations of its understanding of my voice commands.
1	During our vacation in Miami, this GPS all of a sudden lost all map data, voices, etc and hence rendered 100% unusable.
1	However, my biggest  gripe is the voice recognition .
1	This little contraption is terrible when it comes to recognizing voice commands.
1	as compared to the older nuvi 255W which had a much better voice output.
1	- Hand free phone conversation: I can't end a phone call with my voice, it still needs me to press a button.
1	A few of the voices are quite clear, the timing of turn directions is good.
1	The voice is entertaining, especially when you go against the voice's directions.
1	The voice system continued to give directions but they were virtually useless without the screen to look at.
1	The voice is loud and clear, the maps are accurate and detailed.
1	In the four months I have owned mine (well both of them, as I returned the first one), it has locked up, the maps have gone blank, reboots for no reason, traffic function disappears,  voice recognition stopped working , and it routes you on exit ramps as it thinks they are faster.
1	My nuvi 660 had the capability to download numerous voices in English.
1	I found British Emily on my 660 to have the most respectful voice when giving directions.
1	The voice command works very well and is useful for hands free direction finding.
1	Overall the unit is not bad, just don't expect a dramatic improvement over previous models and in some ways (like the ability to download voices), it is a step backward.
1	The "voice" includes street names in directional instructions.
1	The NOT SO GOOD:  In more than one instance, the  voice was wrong  in advising the position ("on the left", "on the right") of a destination.
1	The voice pronunciation is significantly improved over previous models.
1	I found the voice recognition to be pretty good given the noisy environment of a car (turn off your radio when you talk and it works even better!
1	You cannot pan and zoom using voice and you can't switch to the "data" screen from the map (but you can go the other way).
1	They should make a lot more of the commands available by voice but just zoom in/out would be a major major improvement for "hands free" use.
1	The voices generally are very poor compared to TomTom.
1	Garmin may have those features in spades but the childishly bland 1370 with its voices of exasperation and almost optionless interface does not come close.
1	The feature did work and the voice recognition was able to correctly identify my intended destination but the command prompt kept coming on during the trip, even when I disabled it.
1	The  voice and arrow would tell me the wrong turns  85% of the time!
1	The map is very easy to read and the voice prompts are timely.
1	Pros Nice screen (very nice) excellent voice quality feels nicely built and is quite heavy 4 free updates per year over speed limit warning Cons POP UP ADS!
1	Pros: Big screen, loud adjustable voice, easy to use, cool features like Point Of Interest and language options, readable color coding for directions Cons: Touch screen is slow to respond or doesn't respond at all at times I'm sad I had to return this product because I loved the pros, but the ONE con was enough to annoy me to the point of returning it.
1	My 760T allows selective muting (with a check box) of the voice prompts as do most Garmins with a music player.
1	When I asked customer service if there is a remedy for this, this is what they said: "I will be happy to assist you with this, it  isn't possible to disable the voice  prompts other than muting the sound completely as the unit is designed as a navigational aid and the voice prompts are an important part in this, so will interrupt the music as it is designed to do so to provide you with the routing information.
1	But it is possible to just run the unit without having a route selected should you wish to do so and as such there will be no voice prompts, as the unit will not have any routes it is directing you on.
1	" I suppose then my 760T is totally unsafe as it easily allows someone to mute the voice prompts?
1	Bottomline is they need to update the software to allow "None" for voice prompts or someother reasonable fix?
1	I've also just left the voice prompts on as it is preferable to dead space while listening to music.
1	It is quite easy to change settings,route options,voices,language,etc.
1	This particular unit though seems to have a  voice issue .
1	The second one still has  voice issues  but maybe not quite as bad but we were leaving on a trip and could do nothing about it.
1	Not sure if there is a  voice problem  with all these units or just our luck to get a couple that did.
1	You can also download language packs or use your own sound files for the voice navigation.
1	The  voice volume for Bluetooth is too low .
1	I could turn the sound on the unit up all the way and the voice navigation and sound effects would be extremely loud, but I could barely hear the person speaking.
1	He had me connect to my computer and remove some Nuvi software files (voices,  foreign languages, texts, etc) that were not needed so I could free up space on my 1450LMT.
1	I have a need for something that gives clear-voiced, efficient directions, and provides a readable screen in sunlight.
1	The  voice was tinny , garbled and not loud enough.
1	I just wanted something to read clear-voiced efficient directions to me while I'm driving.
1	It's got an  odd voice  though.
1	The suggested way to gain memory space was to delete different voices.
1	I deleted about 9 of the 20 or so different voice files, including Canadian French and European Spanish.
1	I find it interesting that the  voices took up so much memory .
1	Using the same process to look at the voices on my older Garmin nuvi 260W, I found that it had at least 80 voices, including Chinese, Bulgarian, Portuguese, and on and on.
1	How could this old unit handle so many more voice files than this less than 2-year-old unit?
1	I actually prefer my old Tom Tom for the choice of voices and the ease of checking your overall route - maybe I just haven't figured the Garmin out yet though.
1	If you want the street names announced, you get a very  robotic sounding voice .
1	I like the voice commands of the 2360, a big improvement over prior voice-commanded units.
1	However, even with voice commands you do have to at times be able to read the map clearly.
1	Most important the  voice is pretty feeble  so if you  like to hear music while the GPS is giving voice prompts, forget it.
1	I tried different voices, volume levels, etc.
1	First off, it only has three preinstalled voices:  American English, Spanish and French Canadian- nothing else.
1	Apparently, to get other voices, including my old favorite Aussie Karen, you have to download the voice from Garmin's website.
1	I literally spent hours downloading installers, drivers, voices and maps, each using a different and well hidden links, to unsuccessfully complete any task.
1	good morning sent me the invoice and the product without need to send the package to Venezuela.
1	Mio will give  wrong voice  commands where as this one crashed with in a week and not comming back.
1	The  voices on the spoken directions are sometimes unintelligible , with ludicrous mispronunciations.
1	I would have to say voice command and then raise my voice or lower it until the unit decided it was the right pitch.
1	But I could still count on the voice except when it was telling me the wrong direction to turn.
1	Here is my first impressions:  I found I liked the voice activated feature for initiating or "cancelling" a route while driving which I thought was not going to be useful.
1	The navigational voice on the 3790 was more accurate than the 260W which mispronounced more street names.
1	The volume of projected voice was good.
1	I also found that the  voice feature would "die"  at times and the only way to get it back was to turn off the device and do a soft reboot.
1	The voice command will activate when you are having casual conversations with someone in the car.
1	One thing that we find humorous is the Garmin's voice.
1	Garmin Support eventually insisted in speaking to me directly over the phone, and they talked me through the deletion of numerous items such as foreign language voice support from the nuvi, as the issue seemed to be a memory management issue, although a side issue has to do with the USB interface maxing out the 500 ma capacity of normal PC USB ports.
1	) Anyway, I later discovered that as a side effect of the "trash clean-up" that it had deleted the "Jack voice" which I find cleaner to hear than the default "Jill voice".
1	vpm files are the large voice files, and unneeded ones can be deleted (e.
1	I got in the latest software, map, and restored Jack's voice.
1	I thought this was a good unit until while on a trip from South FL to New Orleans it began freezing up once an hour or so, that is, not updating the screen or giving voice commands.
1	Toss in missing roads,  stupid voice pronounciation issues , and you wind up with a 2-star product.
1	I like the voice announcement of the upcoming turns, and haven't had much issue with instructions given too late to use.
1	- The  voice announcements are stupid  at times.
1	This unit constantly freezes up, reboots, stutters when it talks and often times it will not even load the voice files leaving it and myself speechless.
1	The  voice on it is annoying  and it will not let you program it to a Brittish accent like my old one.
1	I did not have this  terrible voice  on the 320 and the pronunciation of words where correct.
1	Spam ads popping up, it never redirected me from any traffic jams, the  voice prompts were slow  and not very usful in heavy traffic when you need to merge early, I tested the unit side-by-side with my Android Telenav cellphone GPS and the Telenav was 20% faster and provided a better route everytime.
1	It's mostly difficult to hear voices during a conversation esp.
1	I really wanted hands off phone and that's sort of IFFy , because the voice recognition is iffy.
1	The voice works near 100% when it is basic commands.
1	The online support is no help either and the so far today, Tuesday, support telephone is only voice mail.
1	The voice prompts come at the (at least for me) wrong moments, the used arrows are unclear (often it seems to be pointing forward and left/right at the same time).
1	The woman's  voice is still too loud  and there is no volume control on the device.
1	It's slimmer, the map displays are more versatile and sophisticated, vocal directions are louder, it has Bluetooth, it's more responsive to voice command, and you don't need a button to activate voice command.
1	Similarly both the male and female voices are easy to understand with clear pronounciations.
1	The device has several annoying features, not the least of which is the female  voice mispronouncing  names and words, often emphasizing the wrong syllable in a word or phrase.
1	"  I found her digital voice otherwise pleasant enough.
1	The unit's  voice is rather tinny  with a computer twang  --  something akin to a voice that a computer might have used about 25 years ago.
1	By upgrading the software I was able to add different "language" options so for English that meant adding male and female voices with American, British, and Australian accents.
1	The bluetooth pairing with my iPhone worked fine, but when I talked to people, they complained about  terrible voice quality .
1	While driving, the person you are conversing with sounds garbled, the speaker isn't loud enough, and the voice of the person you're talking to reverberates back through the microphone and they hear an echo / feedback.
1	The nice thing about using the StreetAtlas is that it has EXCELLENT voice navigation ability but you have to bring your laptop along which is kind of a drag.
1	When using voice navigation to search for a place, there is NO option to search near the current route, near destination, near a different city.
1	So this is really a turn off as I have to now use the manual search instead of the using the voice navigation.
1	I've only fussed with it for a day, but it's not obvious to me what the advantages are over my older unit other than voice commands.
1	On the positive side the voice recognition seems to work well.
1	The number of things you can control with voice commands; however, is somewhat limited.
1	All in all, unless you want the voice recognition feature (which, with practice, is probably nice) I say get one of the older cheaper models.
1	Never did figure out the voice command for finding destinations in other cities.
1	The voice is an irritating "woman's" voice that sounds suspiciously like a former mother in law of mine.
1	It insists on taking the longest route possible and the mother-in-law voice has a certain grating quality that is very nasty sounding.
1	When I have insisted on driving what I know to be the shorter route several times the voice says "recalculating" with a very impatient, almost grating sound to it as though it it somehow angry that I am not obeying its directives.
1	I opted for the Lifetime free map update and one of the reasons I went with this model was the voice turn by turn ability.
1	The voice assisted turns are inconsistent.
1	Once it locks on, sometimes the voice is very distorted and unintelligible.
1	You will get very frustrated trying to get the voice commands to work and then you'll give up.
1	I removed a number of files (everything that was in languages other than English, voice, etc.
1	Not only that, the road maps are satistactory accurate, but GPS and  voice directions are totally wrong !
0	voice is clear.
1	The voice changes from man to woman and silent without my touching it.
1	Cons No list of exits no truck routing can't look at all POIs at once must select a category first does not display most towns along a route while navigating no elevation display at all voice command does not work in a noisy vehicle volume does not go high enough for some people trip computer does not display all the information found in the trip computer on other models . .
1	I have not enough time to use voice function yet and have no comments on it . .
1	The voice recognition is kinda slow .
1	also voice recognition does not work most of the time . .
