1	The mouse is stellar in almost all ways - great battery life, great precision movement, great control over response and customizable buttons.
1	The look feel and battery life are fine.
1	Some improvements over previous model: * The battery is now a standard AA type (sanyo enloop) * The receiver is very small * The mouse can be charged via USB * side scroll is now built into the wheel Overall, the muse feels allot cheaper than previous model.
1	The issue with this mouse is that it is necessary to  charge the battery frequently , and the only method of accomplishing this is to plug in a cord.
1	The only down side for this mouse is the  battery life is real short  maybe about a week at best then you need to charge it other then that it is a nice mouse.
1	Logitech people, I hope you rectify and reinvent a new generation of Mice that combines improvements such: The "Darkfield", the location of the button to switch between windows and the small "Unifying" receiver of the "Perfomance" model, with the battery life, ergonomics and original system of rolling of the "Revolution".
1	I tried a new battery, although the battery that was in it was also supposed to be new, to no avail.
1	) Otherwise, it just works fine and battery life is really long.
1	) Sanyo Eneloop rechargeable battery included - one of the best rechargeable batteries on the market.
1	I really like the thumb groove, the silvery accents, the new Logitech receiver and that you can still see the battery level meter when you're using the mouse.
1	I was running low on battery so I plugged it into my late 2009 iMac, and immediately got a message saying something along the lines of "This USB device is drawing too much power.
1	it travels well as I only use it with my laptop and it is still running on the same battery I put in it on day one, so kudos.
1	When the battery runs down, just plug it in and keep on using it, pretty slick eh?
1	It is light weight even with a AAA battery.
1	This is awesome mice, probably the 2nd most comfortable mice (1st was Microsoft) ever I used, battery is rechargeable, customizable buttons, unifying nano receiver was great.
1	 battery dies constantly  (this is why rechargeable battery sucks, i'll have to buy another one) 5.
1	The rechargeable Li-ion battery is a neat feature, and hopefully other wireless products will start to use something similar.
1	The battery life is amazing (they should have made the rechargeable battery replaceable).
1	The battery lasts a REAL long time too.
1	The mouse has a very nice finish, it feels very comfortable in your hand and I really liked the rechargeable battery.
1	My biggest concern was battery life which I can report is good after having used it for a while.
1	I am still going to give it a low rating because the  battery only lasts a few weeks  at a time and this is unacceptable to me.
1	A very nice feature is it uses a AA battery so you can toss a freshly recharged battery while you recharge the one that you used up.
1	Pros: Small Long battery life Plug-and-Play, no need to setup anything Cons The wheel button makes a VERY irritating noise when turns Stops working sometimes, then you need to push the small button underneath to reset.
1	Firstly,  battery life is terrible .
1	It only uses a single AA battery compared to the Logitech's 2 AA.
1	It tracks well, works great with both Linux and Windows, and the battery life is quite nice.
1	The  battery life is moderate  as I haven't run out of battery yet, but I turn it off a lot.
1	Update: After a month with the mouse my experience with it is generally good however I will have to say that at least on mine there is obviously a  battery issue  as I am lucky to get 4 days of moderate use without having to charge it.
1	Limited charging capacities, and can't be swapped out when the  battery eventually goes on to holding crappy charges .
1	Takes a standard AA size NiMH rechargeable battery.
1	Very easy set up, just plug in and use, like the battery saving features.
1	The rechargeable battery is a nice touch.
1	Just 1 AA battery and use it for a long long time.
1	At present, still no fix when I finally drummed it into their heads that this was not "is the battery in" kind of problem.
1	× It's very comfortable for a small mouse × Easy to hideaway and take along with your laptop × USB plug connects to the back of the mouse when not in use × The battery life is excellent, one AA battery every 4 weeks - and I'm on my laptop over 8 hours a day.
1	Not everything has been perfect, the G7 gaming mouse I had required a DAILY battery swap, but an included spare was always charged and ready.
1	The VX which ran for 6 months on a commonly used battery is an amazing achievement, it's free spinning scroll wheel had a small lever on the bottom the select between ratcheted and smooth scrolling.
1	I'm currently on my second battery for my second mouse, and while it's great that it's very efficient in its use of energy, it's not worth it in the long run to get this mouse to only have it die on you.
1	All options allows you to use the mouse while it's being charged so you never have to worry about the mouse suddenly non-operational due to the battery.
1	One other thing I wanted to address is the battery life.
1	I was a little skepitcal on purchasing this mouse initially because of multiple reviews talking about bad battery life.
1	The battery life is a tad shorter than I would have hoped.
1	Besides that battery life, this mouse is designed for right hand users only.
1	It is a bit chintzy in areas like the battery cover, and the USB dongle, but it's the perfect size and price.
1	I cannot comment of battery life, but it shouldn't be a problem with some 2200maH NiMH batteries.
1	My main concern is that after about a month of owning the mouse the scroll wheel lost its sensitivity, now I find scrolling pages in documents to be a real chore, the click wheel has become unreliable and I have resorted to clicking the scroll bar and dragging, this is a major issue for me, I may resort to my old battery powered microsoft mouse, I havn't looked into a replacement yet, but may soon.
1	It is made well overall, nothing seems to be coming apart (although the  battery door is a bit wobbly , but that probably happens after a bit of use).
1	The AA  battery life is too short .
1	The only problem is that the mouse doesn't have an on/off button on it, which makes me  worry about battery life .
1	Maybe this doesn't actually effect the battery life very much (I've only had it for a few days), but I would have appreciated a manual on/off (and, as another reviewer already said, a carrying case).
1	EDIT, March 2005 - I complained about the lack of an on/off switch, but this mouse has lasted for MONTHS on the initial battery.
1	I like the fact that it's small, and the battery life is good.
1	), sometimes it doesn't stay, and you have to make sure it's pushed in or else the  battery won't shut off .
1	It's a convenient size, is nice and light, only requires 1 AA battery (included), and works very accurately and with no delay.
1	The only way to turn off the mouse (that is, not waste battery power) is to slide the transmitter back into its docking area under the mouse (think closing the refrigerator door to make the light go out).
1	The battery light indicator is a great feature and it's easy to recharge with the cradle.
1	It sleeps after 30 sec or so to save the battery life, which so far has been great, I haven't seen it get down to one bar yet, even after hours of continuous use.
1	However, the fact that the transmitter has to be disconnected from the USB port and placed in the bottom of the mouse to shut the power off and save battery power is very inconvenient.
1	One AA battery can only last about two-three weeks.
1	I think I'll be going back to my MX1100 mouse - the MX1100 that comes in the Wave Pro combo also allows charging via micro USB and replaceable AA battery, like Performance MX.
1	] There seems to be confusion in some minds about the battery and charging system, which I believe to be far better than the MX Revolution.
1	It will use a standard AA battery, chargeable or non-chargeable, and has a charging system for the battery, from which the mouse can be used via USB cable while charging.
1	Just be sure not to use a non-chargeable battery with the charger connected.
1	The MX Revolution with its built-in  battery cannot be used  while charging.
1	The signal doesn't transmit vary far and only when there's a fully-charged battery in it.
1	The battery lasts about 2 days, with 8 - 10 hours of heavy use per day.
1	The mouse was worth the price I paid for, however, since early this year, it's been disconnecting at random times and the  battery is no longer accurate .
1	When the  battery runs out of juice  it is no big deal you just have to plug it in with the provided USB cable and you can continue using the mouse as usual.
1	I would have liked to see the battery last as long as some of Logitech's other mice that last 12 months on 2AA batteries, but considering the darkfield laser the battery life is understandable.
1	The battery lasts about as long as advertized, if you use alkaline duracell's anyway.
1	I tried a cheaper battery once and it died much faster.
1	The  battery life isn't great , but you can leave your 'other' mouse tethered to your PC for those 'just in case' moments when the MX decides to take a nap.
1	Not likely you'll need to though, as the green lights on the mouse tell you how much battery life is left, as does the software.
1	I would seriously consider the smaller VX Revo that has virtually all the same features, but runs on a single AA battery and is much cheaper.
1	I had been using the Logitech MX1000 Laser Cordless mouse and needed to upgrade because the  battery in that model is not replaceable , and it would not hold a charge longer than 1 day.
1	Also one minor complaint is that the mouse itself does not light up to show how much battery power you have left, you have to check the tray on your computer to see.
1	Battery life is very good, still on the first battery but going to need to change it as it's now down to needing to be charged every few days (used to last a week +), but charging is really convenient, I just leave the cord in the back of the computer all the time and plug it into my mouse when needed.
1	At first, I was reluctant of purchasing a wireless mouse since I have a bad experience before where I need to replace thebattery every 2 weeks but thisone it's amazing it's been 2 months now and still haven't change the battery.
1	This saves the battery life and makes it easier to store or take around.
1	The battery life is decent; the cradle is a much better way to recharge than a cable; and the mouse tracks well.
1	com/gp/product/B000IV2WAW/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/178-0290149-7694811">SANYO eneloop 4 Pack AA NiMH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batteries</a> AA rechargeable battery pre-installed, which was a welcomed surprise as this is a really good rechargeable battery.
1	The  battery doesn't last  a super long time between charges however it's easy to charge the mouse while using it via the included USB charging cable (so what if it becomes a 'wired' mouse for the couple of hours it's charging).
1	I fully charged this mouse when it arrived and the  battery was dead  within 24 hours.
1	Seriously, it's such a shame because this mouse is so gorgeous and its performance while in use is just amazing, but that battery just won't let it do what you need it to.
1	After reading more about this mouse, it seems the Performance MX has been getting panned since day 1 due to  poor battery life .
1	Fix the  battery issue  and you have a solid 4.
1	It really is amazing, but just unmanageable with a 24 hour battery life-cycle.
1	After an hour of frustration, the area with the  battery got very hot  and I had to take the battery out.
1	In an effort to not make this ABOUT eneloops let me just say they are the single best rechargeable battery you can buy.
1	Once the battery is fitted in, the mouse is significantly heavier than a normal mouse which takes some taking used to but is not a problem for every day use.
1	I like the fact that the receiver slots into the mouse itself for storage, and this also turns the mouse off which helps conserve the battery energy, but on the other hand I would have appreciate a separate switch which would enable me to turn off the mouse without slotting in the receiver, because I often leave my laptop on sleep and it's a pain in the butt to pull out the receiver and slot it in every time.
1	---- I agree with almost everything said in the other positive reviews about the great ergonomics, the scroll wheel that you can toggle between hyperscrolling (very useful) and the more common measured/notched scrolling, the many useful features attached to the other buttons, the way you can use the mouse while the battery recharges, and the incredibly tiny receiver that works with other compatible devices.
1	The storage feature also is the on-off switch for the mouse, saving battery life when not in use.
1	I was worried that the  limited battery life  would be a problem, but it's been good for more than a week, and charging it is like using a wired mouse for a little while - no big deal.
1	The reason I returned it is the weight, which really isn't Logitech's fault: the battery plus wireless transmitter has to add weight to the mouse.
1	The external charger that allows you to recharge the battery while continuing to work is a genius idea---someone should have thought of it sooner.
1	As a frequent traveler, I appreciate that the rechargeable battery can be easily substituted with a regular battery, and that there is no charging dock.
1	This was my second wireless mouse because the first one gave away due to tons of  issues like battery life , flickering pointer motion etc.
1	This mouse is excellent in every respect except for the battery life.
1	Seems like the engineers knew this  thing was a battery hog , and gave us a way to charge it while still being able to use it, because I can only imagine the deluge of complaints otherwise.
1	I've replaced the included generic battery with several others in an attempt to find something that would last longer with no luck.
1	I get that you have this "nifty" new laser that tracks on glass, but if it's at the expense of only getting 5-10% of the effective battery life of the previous generation mice.
1	Aside from the  battery problems , the mouse itself is great.
1	But I really hate the  pathetic battery life .
1	- The battery requires recharging every few days when used on glass.
1	Microsoft states the battery can last at least six months but mine only last for a month in continuous use.
1	no new battery or fiddling seems to be bringing it back.
1	Then after a full charge, the battery ran down to near empty in about 2 days.
1	Lastly, the lights indicating battery charge flashed on and off every 15 seconds (which I actually thought was normal albeit a bit annoying).
1	First, battery life is acceptable at between 20-25 days.
1	The advertised battery life of anywhere from 6-10 months is simply a lie.
1	Im not a fan of rechargable things that are used often because the  battery life is always poor .
1	I went from about 100 days of use with a double A battery for the vx rev to about 4 days use with the mx.
1	Also the  battery mounting is a poor  design.
1	I cannot yet comment on battery life or charging issues, but after some initial use I did charge it overnight once.
1	The  battery life, however, isn't too great .
1	I have to change the battery every 2-3 weeks, which isn't terrible but a little bit of a hassle considering you don't have to worry about anything with wired mice.
1	The mouse feels great and the battery life is decent.
1	If, however, you are a computer addict, you might want to find something more durable and with better battery life.
1	On the plus side, after all these months, the battery still lasts a long time, like a week or so.
1	I bought this item two months ago and the  battery has already gone bad .
1	For those first two months I fell in love with it, but for the price I expect a higher quality battery.
1	Apparently, the technology that helps extend battery time has the opposite effect on rechargeable batteries.
1	In terms of battery life, it seems pretty good.
1	One, i can't get the cool "thumb" button to work in any games I have and two: this sucker  sucks down the battery life .
1	The only think with this mouse is the battery, Need to charge every 2 days.
1	BATTERY LIFE: A noticeable improvement over the G7, the battery seems to last forever.
1	The MX1100 came with an Eneloop battery which lasts a long time.
1	The MX Performance came with a cheaper Chinese battery that has had to be rechaged three times in the same time period.
1	They claim the MXP is using too much power, but I think it is just a matter of the cheap battery.
1	It rattles everywhere: the battery cover, the left and right mouse clickers, and the scroll wheel push button.
1	The battery life on the mouse could be longer, it doesn't last nearly as long as the VX revolution did, but I had to replace those batteries.
1	Replaced w/energize 2450 vs 2000 mAH, and came in the next day to find the battery with one bar.
1	Don't rely on the mouse for good battery, just charge every evening, it's a good product otherwise.
1	Using a USB cable to charge battery while using it like a corded mouse is a stroke of genius.
1	Bonus 1: It comes with a rechargeable AND easily replaceable battery.
1	Plus the battery compartment is big enough for me to stash a spare Unifying dongle, so if I ever forget or lose the main dongle I always have a backup.
1	The only downside, and the only reason I didn't give this mouse five stars, is battery life.
1	It's not all that big a deal, but it would have been great to have longer battery life.
1	well, it doesn't do cartwheels but the battery lasts and its pretty sensitive; it does everything my previous wired mouse did; reasonable in price; everything i could hope for in a mouse.
1	I would have given the MXR 5 stars, however the rechargable battery lasts 3 days at 18 hours a day use.
1	the battery lasts for around three months with average use, which is better than my last mouse, so i can't complain.
1	This is a great mouse, except the battery life.
1	The rechargable battery included in the box could only sustain two or three days after a full charge.
1	Be prepared for a large investment on battery or you have to recharge the original one every two or three days.
1	Plug in the transmitter to the proper USB port, insert the included AA battery, and the mouse is ready to use.
1	Charging the battery is a bit of a pain through the USB cord - but at least you can still use the mouse while it is charging - though it feels a bit awkward with a long cord sticking out of the front of your mouse.
1	I love the mouse, especially because of battery durability, the tiny size of the receiver, the cute look, the smoothness of movement, the nice RF range, and the smooth scrolling wheel that I began to like.
1	Also, the  battery life is very marginal .
1	The battery compartment is easy to open and the battery easily goes in and out.
1	I replaced the battery three times with newly recharged, and then brand-new batteries, to no avail.
1	First the  battery doesn't seem to last  very long, which is concerning because you have to plug this in while you are working to recharge.
1	Everything about this mouse is top-notch apart from Side scroll, which is very difficult to use on this mouse and the battery life, which is very poor.
1	I have just about managed to squeeze out 2 days of battery life at max, with 7 hours of daily use, which is very low.
1	But the good news is, that unlike the MX5000 mouse, the battery replacement on this one is a breeze.
1	I don't know about the battery life, and as long as it doesn't need to be changed very frequently, it doesn't matter cause I use rechargeables.
1	The so-called rechargeable  battery is next to useless .
1	I have never ever heard of a rechargeable battery than requires recharging every three days!
1	I am not sure if it is just a  bad battery  or a flawed design.
1	My options were (a) buy a replacement battery myself (for a 3 week old mouse) or (b) send the entire thing back.
1	Not sure yet when the battery will get real low.
1	A quick run through: * Runs on a single aa battery - a nice touch * Has 4 buttons - two are awkwardly designed * Boasts the trademarked MS BlueTrack technology - and it actually works!
1	I've changed the battery several times so that's not the problem.
1	General pros/cons: + Construction/finish appear to be on par with Logitech's previous higher end products + Battery is user replaceable; standard rechargeable NiMH AA (Sanyo Eneloop) + Mouse can be operated in wired mode even with the battery removed + Uses the same "hyper-fast scrolling" scroll wheel as found on many other Logitech mice, can be switched from standard operation with detents for small movements to freewheel mode where the wheel spins freely allowing for very quick scrolling through large documents/web pages/etc.
1	Miscellaneous thoughts: * Would be nice if Logitech included a space for the receiver in the battery compartment &agrave; la the G700, VX Nano, Marathon, etc.
1	It took a minute getting use to the variances in the MX Performance from the MX Revolution but I quickly adjusted and loved the charging system with the replaceable battery.
1	 short battery life  - if used regularly, you will have to recharge the batteries at least monthly.
1	That mouse was excellent- good battery life, a little wider and very responsive on almost any surface.
1	So far I've had to replace the battery at least 4times (using rechargeable).
1	The battery easily lasts an entire day or more.
1	Worked great, easy to connect, battery lasted about two months.
1	I bought this mouse to replace my Logitech MX Revolution which I have had for about 5+ years now and the battery finally stopped holding a charge (I figure that many years of rechargeable battery life is pretty good).
1	New battery will last about month and a half so I suggest people getting rechargeable battery unit.
1	There have been a couple of times where I left the mouse on in my bag overnight, and the battery was dead the next morning.
1	and because the battery is so easily replaceable, I don't see why people are so up in arms about this issue.
1	That specific mouse has  poor battery life  due to the high performance, but it is rechargeable by plugging in to usb when not in use (or you can still use it and charge at the same time if needed.
1	It has the same base functionality with much better battery life.
1	The battery compartment opens in a cheap way.
1	The product page claims the battery is good for up to 10 months.
1	The only reason I didn't give this mouse a 5-star rating is the battery usage.
1	If I leave it on all the time the battery (requires one AA battery) goes dead within a week.
1	It turns off the mouse when you plug the adapter into it so it saves a considerable amount of battery life when not in use.
1	My issue is with the fact that after only 2 weeks of usage, the  battery seems to be going dead  already.
1	I can only assume it's the battery since the mouse seemed to work perfectly fine when I first purchased it, but it now consistently doesn't recognize clicks or scrolling of the wheel.
1	The 3 other coworkers have noticed the same short battery life.
1	PS: Battery life was great-I never had to replace the battery once during the 4 months.
1	Be warned to keep a fresh battery in yours.
1	The battery lasts sooo long it's easy to let it go until it's too late.
1	I'm going to replace the battery and if that doesn't work I'll find a different mouse.
1	I DO NOT like the two day battery life that everyone gets before a mandatory recharge.
1	Even with a better aftermarket battery it still dies in two days, not two months like other mice.
1	It's the ultra cheap Chinese battery Logitech ships with the MX mouse that's the problem.
1	It takes twice as long to charge up but, get this, lasts over twice as long as the stock  junk battery .
1	Having replaceable rechargeable batteries is far better than a built in battery, which the previous model had.
1	The mouse only takes one battery, so there's no way to reduce weight like with other mice that uses two batteries but can operate on just one.
1	It comes with a rechargeable battery.
1	This would have been perfect if it had an auto-shut off feature and a rechargeable battery.
1	My only complaint is that the  battery charge doesn't last  as long as regular batteries would.
1	The mouse runs a one AAA battery which is included, it feels comfortable in your hand and it works great on any surface.
1	One very good feature is that the receiver snaps into the underside of the mouse for storage and turn the mouse off to prolong the life of the battery (AA cell).
1	I have changed the battery several times during the past few months and again today.
1	Worked really well while with good battery life (maybe 2 or 3 batteries in that time) till the scroll wheel stopped working.
1	A comfortable, small, very portable wireless optical mouse that turns off when you stow the tiny receiver on the mouse to conserve battery power.
1	The battery life seems excellent though, and it can be charged while in use.
1	The USB receiver clicks in to the bottom of the mouse for storage when your not using it, and has a simple, cool mechanism for getting to the battery, which only requires one AA.
1	Go to the Logitech forums (forums dot logitech dot com) and read what issues people have been having with the batteries (inability to recharge, frequent loss of mouse precision due to  battery issues , etc).
1	Unfortunately, there's an apparent flaw in the battery charging system that makes some mice unusable.
1	This mouse is great: wonderful battery life, good (quiet and easy) click/scroll and lots of buttons, but it has a huge problem.
1	Battery life: I'm still evaluating this one but from what i've so far seen I got a low battery status already in just a week after fully charging it with the included AC charger.
1	You should be able to put any type of battery in there but logitech mentions that you should not exceed capacities of 2300 mAh.
1	Weight: Its on the heavy side, as it does house 1 AA NiMH battery inside it.
1	There's no lights on this mouse during normal usages, possibly to save battery life, but if you set one of the buttons to switch dpi (mouse sensitivity), the 3 lights blink briefly, with either the top 2 or bottom 2 lighting to indicate which mode you're in, then turns off.
1	Also as the mouse is either turned on or off, or wakes up from sleep mode, the current battery level is displayed on the lights, from 3 green (full) to a 1 flashing red (warning).
1	- the battery life is very dependent on how much you use the mouse.
1	OK, that being said, I really preffer the battery operated models over this rechargeable type.
1	It seems every time I look over I see a red light or I get cut-off mid-project when the  battery dies .
1	The battery operated models last a few months or more even with my long hours of daily use.
1	I'm amazed at how long the battery lasts.
1	Microsoft claims a 10-month battery life (it uses 1x "AA" battery) which would be very Impressive indeed.
1	My Nano lasts a long time but closer to 5-6 months I believe (it uses 1x "AAA" battery).
1	Have had mouse for maybe 3-4d and it's already down to 1 bar on the battery meter.
1	I replaced the battery, same thing, reset the connection, nothing, tried different usb ports, same.
1	This mouse is ergonomic, the battery life is good, the wireless response is adequate, and it's small enough to fit in a laptop bag without being "too small" for extended daily use.
1	Key features lacking in this mouse are an on/off switch and rechargable battery which apparently can only be found in the giant non-portable or micro "hand mangler" varieties.
1	The battery cover and release button seem a bit weak, but I never had a problem with it though so I'd say it's negligible.
1	It is small, battery seems to last well, but exhibits one problem that I've not had with any other wireless mouse.
1	which may be the reason Microsoft can claim long life for the battery.
1	Forth, the battery only has about two days (max) of heavy usage.
1	Also, the  battery is not replaceable .
1	Other downsides: - I DID have to replace the battery within the last six months so Microsoft's claim that is lasts 6+ is bogus.
1	The mouse battery life can no longer last more than 2 days, no matter how much i charge it.
1	Everytime i charge it, it will charge, then the red battery icon will flash for 10 times.
1	Another edit: as of 6/7/10 I haven't had any of the shorting out problems with this that I've had with the similar but corded MX-400 Last edit 10/11: the  battery will no longer take a charge .
1	However,  the battery life is very poor .
1	The  poor battery life  results in the mouse effectively being "wired" instead of "wireless".
1	I realize I should be 'happy' about the rechargeable lithium-ion battery.
1	Currently my only option is to remove the battery to save energy.
1	Many times there are  no warnings that battery levels are critical  until you return to your PC the next morning.
1	I would have preferred to have spent this much and gotten a razer, especially because the  battery doesn't last very long  on the mouse.
1	4) The battery life is excellent!
1	very compact and the USB part stores underneath and turns it off to save on battery life.
1	My previous mouses had the "after 5 minute use, auto off" to save battery and I liked that.
1	I called Logitech in hopes of purchasing a new battery.
1	I was told the  battery was not replaceable  on the Revolution (though oddly I have since seen several specialty retailers selling the "non replaceable" battery?
1	Another edit: as of 6/7/10 I haven't had any of the shorting out problems with this that I've had with the similar but corded MX-400 Last edit 10/11: the  battery will no longer take a charge .
1	Good battery life, I charge it once a week thru USB cable provided.
1	Also, the rechargeable battery is nice but I found that it only lasts a few days with heavy use before you have to recharge.
1	Finally, it would be nice to be able to touch some button on the mouse and see the battery level indicators light up on demand because they only display the battery level status when switching the mouse on Overall, a very nice quality desktop mouse that works on any surface.
1	It's not a huge complaints because the included battery is rechargable and you can recharge by plugging a USB cable, but most other wireless mice has a considerably longer battery life.
1	The sensitivity, reliability and battery life are all top notch.
1	maybe the  battery is too old ?
1	*easy to set up   *low battery drain   *small profile receiver, fits into mouse, so makes it good for traveling Cons: *no auto-sleep feature.
1	(but b/c of low battery drain, its been OK even when I don't plug the receiver into the mouse)   *weak communication between mouse and receiver (there can be NO physical obstructions, I'm used to a stronger signal)   *have to reset connection between mouse and receiver every time its been on standby (at least I do, its a simple step but an annoyance).
1	I became afraid that I would bump it too hard and mess up my USB port and also got sick of plugging it in and out all the time and attaching it to and from the actual mouse to try to save the battery.
1	com/gp/product/B001DJ9GOS/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/187-3149413-6158043">Cordless Desktop Wave Pro</a> WAS rechargable)  A nice touch is that the MX Performance's battery is user-replacable.
1	In some older cordless mice, the battery was sealed or soldered into place, such that when it reached the end of its useful lifespan, the mouse was meant to be discarded.
1	However, the battery life, and overall comfort of the mouse is awesome.
1	For a wireless mouse, battery life is important.
1	Also, since it has only one AA battery inside instead of two find in many of other wireless mouse, it is lighter (not as light as wired ones, though).
1	Bad: The packaging (or manual, something) stated that the battery in the mouse can last for up to 6 months -- I've had it a few weeks and I'm on my 3rd battery.
1	Granted, I am using rechargeable batteries now, but the battery that came with the mouse lasted all of one week.
1	Especially if the battery is slightly low, I literally have to have the mouse right next to the USB thing in order for it to function properly.
1	As soon as they are both in use mine stops working (in theory mine has the lower battery and therefore gets blocked).
1	Not sure if I just happened to get a bad one out of the bunch or not, but the battery life on my MX is just horrible.
1	The mouse is great in nearly every way: it's portable, the receiver is tiny & doesn't stick out of the USB port (and it fits inside the mouse itself for transport), the battery life is outstanding, and you really can use the mouse on virtually any surface.
1	is a good mouse it does what it says however is too heavy for comfort and the  battery doesn't last long  you have to put the usb cord to it every 3days to charge it.
1	Haven't managed to kill the mouse battery yet, so life seems pretty good.
1	However, 6 months has passed and the battery life has diminished by 50%, of original, max.
1	Pros: 1) awesome scroll wheel for lightning fast scrolling for long documents and the ability to stop on a dime when needed 2) rechargeable battery + battery gauge 3) super smooth teflon feet 4) configurable buttons and jog wheel 5) fairly accurate compared to an optical mouse 6) solid build quality of the housing 7) weight well, not too heavy, not too light Cons: 1) inconsistent travel for the buttons, sometimes the buttons stick 2)  battery life could be better  3) logitech's software was horrendous (osx and windows) 4) choppy performance when there are other devices in the 2.
1	The mouse runs on a single AA battery, and should last for a while.
1	There is a battery in bottom of the package if you are brave and strong enough to get to it.
1	Otherwise this mouse is excellent, long battery life, good feeling clicks, the hyper scroll is nice.
1	The battery consumption is huge as compared to other wireless mouses I have used.
1	I can use it easily from 20 feet away (like a remote to my computer while watching Netflix or something) Update 11/12/2011 The  battery just died .
1	The rechargeable battery lasts a long time and the mouse can still be used with a USB cable while charging.
1	Although the Logitech V450 gives me more of a kick, because of the laser precision tracking (mouse movements feel more organic than the 3000-- and I could probably make good use of it on glossy Starbucks tables), of the battery metering, the weightiness, the cool, slick USB micro-receiver (*half* the size of the 3000's ugly one!
1	I've dropped it several times--once so hard that the top panel and the battery popped out--but it worked fine when I put everything back in its place.
1	I changed the battery on them and they're not working; excessive lag.
1	The mouse is also very lightweight compared to some other wireless mice, mostly due to only using a single AA battery.
1	Liked everything about the mouse except the ability of the rechargeable battery to hold a charge.
1	It took me a while to figure out where to put the battery in the mouse, but I did not read the book, and once I figured it out, it was very easy.
1	In my experience the battery lasts at least a month.
1	In my opinion this is pretty good, considering you can plug the receiver into the mouse to shut off the mouse (turning off the battery), which is something I have not done.
1	I cannot speculate too much, but one double A (AA) battery will run the mouse for a month.
1	This is a great mouse, great sensitivity, ergonomics are amazing, and decent battery life.
1	The one thing I can't live with though is the non-replaceable battery.
1	The only reason I am giving it a 4 star instead of a 5 is because it does not have a power button and I am worried it's going to drain the battery when I am not using it.
1	I have two of these and one is going back to the factory because of a  bad battery.
1	A few have posted that the battery goes for one or two weeks or more without recharging; others have posted that the battery lasts only a day or two.
1	worked great for a couple of years -had to replace the battery a lot because we almost never turned off the laser because of the awkward on/off switch -USB antenna gets in the way something got loose inside and it was hard to get the battery to sit right so the laser would stay on, then with no warning it just wouldn't work any more.
1	Even so I've been on the same battery for over 4 months now.
1	The battery life is simply amazing.
1	but the  battery life is as cheap  as it can be.
1	The battery life is good if you remember to insert the transmitter in the back when it is not in use.
1	After several months of use I did sometimes experience a bit of a  problem with the battery  connection.
1	Every now and then it would stop working and I would have to remove the battery cover and gently push on the battery to make a good connection.
1	this will allow for the best battery life.
1	The only real  problem is that the battery pack , which is internal and rechargeable, runs out of juice after a three or four hours.
1	Skip the rechargeable battery and just buy a pack of AAs and you'll be happier.
1	my only complaint is the  horrid battery life .
1	This mouse is great, small, portable very responsive has decent range and runs on a single AA battery.
1	You should now see a series of green LED's, the bottom-most a battery icon, and 3 square lights above it flashing upward as it charges.
1	After a full day of heavy use, and leaving the mouse out of the cradle overnight, a tab in the Setpoint drivers told me I still had 5 days left on the battery.
1	This product has a very  poor battery life .
1	If you need to use the computer frequently, you may need to recharge the battery every few days.
1	The comfort and battery life for the mouse were both decent.
1	But the battery life blew the G7 out of the water, which is to say it needed charging weekly instead of roughly every 4-8 hours.
1	Of course, if you're coming from a mouse with much better battery life, you may not find that very impressive.
1	The battery is great, lasting a real long time.
1	Very, very  poor battery life : included rechargeable battery has to be recharged every week, then I tried alkaline battery, holds the charge for two weeks.
1	As a side note, the battery life (normal duracell AA) lasted over 3 months with occasional use, which I think is pretty good.
1	The mouse is very comfortable for average size hands, it's very reliable and precise on movements, but it consumes the  battery life too fast .
1	It's running on either it's first or second battery & I tend to leave the laptop running 24/7.
1	It lasted about 4 months and then the battery light started flashing red.
1	That one had built-in rechargable batteries and the battery life would go many months between recharging originally to about five days currently.
1	It has a cradle so recharging was trivial but had gotten spoiled with charging it so seldom so decided to buy a replacement  This new mouse has a single, removable battery which looks like a ni-cad and only lasts about three-four days.
1	I may simply have a  defective battery  which, if so, would greatly change my rating.
1	battery life looks good, its a month still having same AA battery.
1	Reasons I bought this mouse: 1) Wireless 2) Rechargeable battery 3) No charging station (charges via USB) 4) Logitech I used to have a Logitech MX Laser mouse, but the left button switch went bad and started double-clicking when I wanted to single-click.
1	The clip used to secure the wireless conector to the back of the mouse (thus shutting off the battery) just doesn't hold tight enough anymore.
1	The software keeps you very well informed as to how much battery life there is left and when you are due for replacement.
1	com/gp/product/B000TG4BA0/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/184-7253392-3132706">Microsoft Bluetooth Notebook Mouse 5000 Mac/Windows</a> the battery life of this mouse is absolutely exceptional.
1	The rechargeable  battery failed  in less than a week.
1	So, back to the drawing board I went, looking for the features of the performance, but with the battery management of my older mouse.
1	It does function very much like the performance, yet the battery usage is minimal.
1	This new method, I think, is way better than the dock system they used before, especially if your on the go with a laptop, just plug it into your laptop when the  battery is dying !
1	Another thing that changed is the battery indicator, it only lights up when you haven't used the mouse in awhile so I don't how much battery is left if I'm actively using it and the battery seems to die a bit faster than my old MX, maybe because of the new laser?
1	The battery is a standard replaceable AA NiMH so even when travelling if you don't have your charger you are ok.
1	-  battery life is low  - I miss the thumb wheel.
1	Pro:  Excellent response and range  Ergonomic design (Atleast fits very well for my hands)  With the charging station, no more battery issues.
1	The battery life on this is actually very good (10+ hours on most days), but the software is annoying.
1	The only time I have had any issues is when the  battery starts getting weak , and then once the battery is replaced it works perfectly again.
1	Firstly, I thought it must need a new battery, when I changed a new battery for it, it's condition not become any better.
1	Also, it is battery-powered rather than rechargeable, so it won't need to be replaced as early.
1	It is small enough to carry around and has an on/off switch to avoid eating the battery.
1	)   * It has a removable rechargeable AA battery included.
1	* I'm never exactly sure when the battery is about to die, it can go for a while on red.
1	Both mice are on the original battery after ~ 1 month of daily use.
1	I just changed the battery after 3 months for the first time today and I use my laptop daily so I'm happy with the battery life(1 AA).
1	It's nice that you can put the receiver into the mouse for storage and it also serves as an off switch but for those of us who rarely travel it's not so convenient to have to unplug the USB receiver each time you power down just to save battery life.
1	Even using good quality alkalines, the mouse will only work if the battery is very fresh.
1	Heavy users should be prepared to remove the battery before putting it in your suitcase and to buy alkaline batteries and replace them once a month.
1	The mouse is nice, but the pain of the  battery issues  just isn't worth it.
1	Initially they are good mice, the  battery power is not very long  especially if you do gaming though the charging doesn't take real long either, generally you won't use it up entirely over a day unless you really push it.
1	I have been using it for the last two months almost 3 hours daily, battery seems to be still going strong.
1	The 3000 has an improved 6-month battery life (which is the only plus).
1	I also like how snapping the USB transmitter into the bottom of the mouse puts it into battery-conserving mode.
1	The battery life started out good, but as of this week, a short 6 months after I bought it, the  battery life is a joke .
1	After being on the charger all night it was telling me that " battery life is critical " by early afternoon.
1	If you leave the Performance MX lying around without manually turning it off or plugging it in, though, and your battery level might be "Low" or "Critical" the next day.
1	The mouse uses one standard NiMH AA battery; I replaced it with a fresh high-quality <a href="http://www.
1	com/gp/product/B000IV2WAW/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/188-5006204-2295021">Eneloop</a> battery, and it lasted five days, and charged the generic included battery.
1	When the Eneloop ran down, I put the original battery back, and it is going strong after three days.
1	Sadly, this means opening the mouse once or twice a week to replace the battery, but I think that beats plugging the tiny plug in every day, sometimes multiple times per day, and having to use it with the stiff cord attached.
1	I am a regular logitech mouse user, but with this one I am disappointed because its  battery lasts only about 2  days  on a full charge.
1	Battery life is amazing, no need to use a rechargeable when the battery lasts this long.
1	I let the receiver plug into my laptop for several hours a day, the red light of the mouse is always on, just want to see how long will the battery last.
1	I ll start off by saying this is my first wireless mouse in many years - I tried them back when  battery life was pretty poor  and range was rather short.
1	- great battery life: I ve had this mouse for a couple months now and I m still on the first AA battery.
1	Eventually it sorts itself out, but I can t quite pin this down to line-of-sight or  battery issues  or something yet discovered.
1	It's a solid mouse wiht a decent heft to it so it doesn't feel cheap; I've been using it for about two months frequently and have not needed one battery change, so that is saying something.
1	The battery is NiMH, a single Sanyo AA eneloop.
1	Unless you are on a full battery your mouse may not respond to clicks and may lag.
1	It doesn't help that it takes about a week from installing a new battery to get to this point.
1	Loved this mouse until today when after TWO separate battery changes (and I had put in a new one just a few days ago) the mouse completely stopped working.
1	Sometimes I can get up to two months on a battery, but I just put a new battery in it today after two weeks.
1	As long as the battery works, the mouse works great.
1	My only real  problem is the battery life .
1	I would recommend this mouse as long as you don't mind some minor  battery issues  and instructions that aren't super clear about how to get it working.
1	CONS - The  battery is not replaceable , so when it dies, you have to buy a new mouse.
1	I wish it had an on/off switch to save the battery.
1	Pros: This mouse has a decent battery life and works well and does not skip around like some other cheap wireless mice.
1	It's not a bad mouse at all, but after a week of use at work (not even using the Logitech software), the  battery level is down .
1	The mouse requires 1 AA battery, very easy to open the bottom cover and slip the battery inside.
1	With the added battery, the mouse has a good solid weight to it, so that it's not too heavy to push around and not too light that it'll just slide everywhere.
1	The battery in my other M/S mouse does last forever, so I do not doubt that this one will last.
1	this mouse is very user friendly with great different options the only draw back is that you need to recharge battery often you haft to remember to turn mouse off Amazon handling and shipping was excellent.
1	However, battery life is good so it doesn't have to be a huge deal.
1	The nicely designed battery charger may start having connectivity problems after about an year or more of use.
1	Bad: The  battery only lasts  about six hours before needing a charge.
1	The mouse is rechargeable (lithium ion batteries), and it seems to hold a charge reasonably well, but after a year or so of heavy use, it may be losing charge while in standby mode-- a user-replaceable battery would have helped, but that may have sacrificed battery power by limiting its size.
1	Turning off the mouse rather than leaving it alone or in its charging stand for long periods of inactivity may help with battery longevity.
1	Saves battery life and is a great improvement from the 5000-6000.
1	The battery life was always good - about half a year.
1	I love that it uses a regular battery and I never have to plug it in to recharge.
1	I love that you can power it down by seating the transmitter directly into the mouse - this is a huge plus, in my opinion, as it does two things: saves battery life and keeps the transmitter and mouse together.
1	This is the shortest battery life I have ever seen on a logitech mouse ever.
1	My 6-month old $94 mouse is sitting in a ziplock bag with the transmitter and battery taken out so it won't melt in the mouse.
1	Storing the USB Receiver is as inconvenient as removing the battery would be.
1	Storage for the USB Receiver is available near the battery, under the battery cover.
1	I was entirely disappointed, first I had to replace the battery after only 2 months and then 1 month later it died on me.
1	I'm concerned about the battery life on this thing, as I'm sure with my usage it will only provide a mere 30%-40% battery life of which Logitech claims is possible.
1	Although the G7 was a pain with the constant battery swap, I wish there was a similar updated model available.
1	So how is it that 4 years later they haven't really advanced the battery technology with wireless mice?
1	Still like the small size of the transmitter and the battery life - about 9-11 month to replace the first one.
1	mouse is a good value, a bit touchy,  but great working and the battery saver is a great Plus!
1	Plus it's  not as battery efficient  as it likes to boast about on the blister pack.
1	The only thing is that I hope that the battery doesn't wear out too early even if I take the USB adaptor out of my computer.
1	Reports of the amazing battery life of the Performance mouse are greatly exaggerated.
1	However, the ONE real advantage of this new mouse is that you can recharge the battery while you're using it if you plug it in.
1	haha I am on the internet nearly 18 hours a day and the battery life lasts approximately 2 weeks using 2000mah rechargeable batteries.
1	The battery does hold a decent charge, but only for about 10 to 12 days.
1	I have tried remedies such as replacing battery, warming the battery with body heat, warming the mouse, flicking the on/off switch.
1	Given the humongous size of this mouse I struggle to think why this only has one battery in it.
1	The only biggest problem in the review of that one I saw was the heavy battery use.
1	believe me if I could trade the time I have wasted fiddling around with this mouse it would be worth it if it  needed battery replaced  within a couple of weeks, my peace of mind is worth that and much more.
1	Features like a on-board battery level indicator keep you informed.
1	If you are running low on battery, you can plug in the USB power adapter and charge while using (AMAZING!
1	With moderate use--nights and weekends--the recharable battery lasts me ~15 days.
1	I loved it so much that I disassembled the mouse to replace its battery with a new one when the old battery no longer accepted a charge (the old battery lasted until October 2010).
1	The Performance MX uses an easily replaceable 1900 mAh AA NiMH rechargeable battery - which comes included in the packaging - and this too is a great upgrade over the not-meant-to-be-replaced battery of the MX Revolution.
1	Inside the battery compartment there is a small compartment meant to hold the Unifying Receiver for transportation.
1	Oh, one more thing, the issue about the  POOR DURATION of the battery  is also true.
1	Pros: - laser tracking works very well (although I've never had any problems with any of my Logitech mice, even the ones that used older tracking technology) - ergonomically comfortable - comes with rechargeable Eneloop battery, USB charging cable, and an extension cable so you can place the receiver closer to the mouse if needed.
1	- ability to custom map functions to the various buttons Cons: - large and fairly heavy mouse requires a bit more effort and space to move around - only runs off a single AA battery - battery life is not very good (about 2-3 weeks) - SetPoint software only displays battery life as full/good/poor instead of the more accurate "XX days remaining" - button placement is awkward.
1	1/3/2010 - update After a couple more months of use, I've determined that  battery life isn't very good  with rechargeable or regular batteries.
1	For some reason this mouse completely sucks my batteries dry within about 3 weeks using either type of battery (I never turn my mouse off and I use it about 2-4 hours daily).
1	They all had significantly longer battery life  than this mouse.
1	Not sure why that is, but I'm going to stick with rechargeables now so I don't have to keep putting in a new battery every month.
1	Pro: Good Ergonomics Con: Requires frequent battery re-charge.
1	The  battery life is unacceptable , too and sometimes the battery will be down to almost nothing in less than 24 hours.
1	I've contacted Logitech for another replacement but I'm not thrilled with the fact that 2 separate units have serious  battery issues .
1	For some reason with the Rechargable Battery that comes with the mouse it will only last no more than 2 weeks, I had to buy a Sanyo rechargable battery for this one and still it wont last more than 3 weeks (This is with at least 8 hours a day usage and Day and Night ON, the MOUSE), But by my surprise when I put in a normal Alkaline Battery it lasted a little more than 2 Month, so whats with this?
1	I am all about saving the planet, but to charge the battery every two weeks is not practical for me.
1	I have the bluetooth dongle about 2ft from the mouse at all times and have replaced the battery twice.
1	At least the battery is a standard rechargeable AA (that will probably change with the next "Performance mouse".
1	To make sure it wasn't a power issue I removed the Sanyo Eneloop AA battery and replaced it with a fully charged Duracell.
1	The replacement mouse works better, although there's no way to tell how much charge the battery has until it's dead.
1	Improvements are a lighter touch on the left/right click and perhaps the replaceable battery if that was an issue before.
1	Only needs one small AAA battery.
1	The reviews that say it is poor are a little baffling to me as I have never seen a problem with the battery time.
1	Good battery life, but only lasted 1 year.
1	It fits nice in my hand, has a nice weight, and the battery lasts forever.
1	I had an MX Revolution and the non-replaceable battery was starting to require more charging.
1	Thought I'd splurge and get this one with all of its features and extra buttons but the  battery life is a real letdown .
1	It's design makes it as compact as possible; though there is some small gaps internally that could possibly be better utilized for a second battery.
1	I charge mine each Friday before I leave the office and unplug it when I get in on Monday, the battery lasts at least the week but I haven't pushed it because I don't have to.
1	I have yet to replace the battery after using the mouse a few hours a day for over 3 months!
1	im writing this now coz the battery finely went flat after 17 days.
1	I have changed the battery quite a few times and that doesn't seem to help.
1	However the battery that came with it doesn't last very long a week at the most.
1	I bought this mouse 4-5 months ago and it worked pretty well until now - suddenly I started getting intermittent problems as skipping and non-responsiveness, even with brand new battery.
1	Also, battery life is more or less 1 month with heavy use.
1	I've been using this mouse on my laptop both in its mobile and docking station setups for 7 months and have only replace the battery once.
1	The weight of the battery is not noticeable to me but the use of a better Teflon type material for the coaster feet is warranted.
1	I am not experiencing the  battery issues  other users are.
1	The mouse functions on one AA rechargeable battery & seems to have good stamina.
1	The plus side is the small receiver and battery charging capability.
1	you will find yourself replacing the battery if you are a gamer, other then that great mouse, even works great with mac.
1	The mouse comes with rechargeable battery and accessories to charge the mouse via USB or wall AC jack (via proprietary cables, do not lose them!
1	This replaced our battery-hungry previous mouse.
1	Although we encounter range issues from over 6-7 feet (our pc is our 'tv') the battery life and value more than make up for it.
1	The battery life tends to run fairly conservative.
1	I did opt for a rechargeable Nicad AA battery and it is doing fine.
1	Hence, the battery is very good.
1	However, as in all devices where the  battery is irreplacable , I worry that it will die eventually.
1	The bad, at least for me, include plastic wearing/peeling and the lack of a removable battery.
1	It operates just as well but the  battery life is pretty bad .
1	I hear the EasyCall desktop was discontinued precisely because the  battery life blew , and I fully believe that; I thusly come from a product that required new batteries every two months, three if I got lucky.
1	It's a rechargeable battery, what did you expect?
1	The only problem with this mouse is the battery power, however it is one of the longer lasting battery life batteries, it is still very short.
1	Now this is really cool that you don't need to change batteries however note that MX does not ave a good battery life (actually it has a poor one!
1	also so does the battery as I came across by looking at lots of reviews over the internet 3 - Might be 2 big if you want to consider it as a laptop mouse VX Revolution, Pros: 1 - Excellent battery life.
1	This is a great mouse the only thing lacking is an on off switch I use it on both my desktop and laptop but I like to leave the usb connected when I use the desktop so I wedge a pice of plastic in the mouse to turn it off and save the battery.
1	----- The product literature claims a 10 month battery life - if true, this is one area where it would beat the pants off of the 5000.
1	Great features, i did my homework, this is the best there is out there, but beware of the battery life.
1	It's small, light way, and requires only one AAA battery, which lasts forever.
1	While this mouse performs well and uses only one AA battery, the ergonomics and quality are poor.
1	However, I have had it less than a month and I already had to change the battery.
1	The battery drains very fast compared to my previous older version of the MX.
1	Another thing the battery life seems to quickly be getting shorter but I still only have to charge it shortly every other day so no issue.
1	Another crucial selling point is an advertised 10-month battery lifespan using a single AA battery.
1	Overall: I just plugged in the nano transceiver into the USB port, plopped in a new battery, and was using the mouse in Vista within a minute.
1	This helps preserve the precious battery.
1	Performs as expected but has a  shorter battery life  than other wireless mice i've purchased.
1	Pros: To be fair, it gets the basic features you want for a mobile mouse: small form factor, long lasting battery, snap-in receiver, auto shut-off.
1	The last and minor complaint is about the build quality: the upper-rear piece (battery chamber cover) got a sharp edge and kept scratching my palm.
1	Well, I have no complaints about the device until now, It has met all my expectations about a Notebook USB mouse, It's light and compact(the reciever fits into the mouse when you are on the GO), the usage is pretty smooth and precise, the battery life is good(about 6 months on a AA battery,that's what I heard from my friends) so it's pretty decent.
1	The battery is a single internal/removable AA NiMH.
1	To get it working again, I have to remove the battery, unplug the usb, reinsert everything and then hope for the best.
1	The only way to power it down intentionally is to take out the battery.
1	I started using it and one thing I did not like was the short range of communication among the USB plug and the mouse, I used a new alkaline AA battery but I thought that the real reason is that the mouse RF is weak.
1	If the battery life is all it's cracked up to be (10 months) I'll be impressed, but I've only had the mouse a few days.
1	On the downside, it has one or two fewer buttons than the older MX1000, and instead of a replaceable battery system like the G7, you have to plug it in to recharge from time to time.
1	This thing will die one day and I will have to throw it out because the  battery is non replaceable , kind of a bummer but I am looking forward to Logitechs next design like this.
1	Pretty  heavy due to battery , compared to a G9 with weights or G500 if you are wondering.
1	But battery life of 4 days under very heavy use makes up for that.
1	I recommend using a lithium AA battery instead of alkaline as they last a lot longer.
1	It also claims a 10-month battery life.
1	That's pretty impressive for mouse battery life, though I have a feeling they estimate that based on minimal usage and mine will not last nearly as long.
1	The most impressive part about it all, is the battery life.
1	Luckily though, the battery life is awesome.
1	I have not used it long enough to test overall battery life through repeated charging but the unit has power saving capabilities.
1	The battery should last a long time between charges but I am curious about the design of the charger.
1	Overall it's been a good mouse when the battery isn't dead.
1	However, stealing the nearest AA remote battery (because I never seem to have new batteries) will fix the problem.
1	Battery: It is rechargeable, but I have noticed that the  battery life varies  and typically isn't that long.
1	In addition over the last week the battery has randomly failed on me even though it is fully charged.
1	I had used only one battery in the first six months.
1	Then a year and a half ago I went on the road in my RV, but not before I bought a good battery charger (from Amazon) and a 12-pack of rechargeable batteries to keep my digital camera, my flashlight, and the mouse fed.
1	Same battery now for well over 2 months, and I use it a lot.
1	One nice advantage to this mouse is that you can stow the transceiver in the bottom quickly without removing the battery cover.
1	and the battery life is great and it charges pretty quickly.
1	I finally gave up trying to use this mouse as a wireless mouse due to the  dismal battery life .
1	I have the smaller Logitech Anywhere MX mouse and it's awesome with great battery life.
1	The funny thing is, when I bought it I swore the packaging advertised the battery life at 6 months.
1	I do worry a bit that the  battery cover may become loose  over time, simply due to the way it's designed, but so far, I've had no problems.
1	The battery life (so far) has been great.
1	It charges very quickly, and it lasts a very long time, but every battery runs out of juice eventually, and when it does, I spend a couple days charging it in 10-minute increments.
1	My battery results seem more favorable then some - I can get around a week of constant use between recharges without any problems.
1	Only had it about 2 months and the same battery is going strong which is nice.
1	Directions didn't clearly show where to put the battery in and I broke one of the top parts looking for the way to find it but it still worked, for awhile anyway.
1	The only bad thing I have to say is the  battery does not last as long  as they say it will.
1	All in all great mouse: - Good ergonomic shape - Low rolling resistance - Very small USB dongle - Corded back up to charge battery while working (* why don't they do this with more mice?
1	" This is a  cheap quality battery  and you will have to recharge it every often.
1	For the price they are charging, they could use a better quality battery.
1	The Revolution battery would last me over a week on one charge of regular usage.
1	The battery life of this mouse should be a lot better.
1	It's also nice that if my battery dies, I can plug it in and use it instead of having to put it in some kind of charging tray like one of my other older mice.
1	The included software will give you a pop-up notice before your battery dies, good thing.
1	The mouse is great: battery duration, power charging, precision are all really good.
1	So, long story short this mouse is useless with having to replace the battery twice a month!
1	2 compatible - Great Microsoft hardware support CONS: - No auto-off feature - Real-life  battery life significantly less  than rating - Glossy plastic hard to keep clean and hard to grip - No carry case The blister pack was actually easy to open and did not require any tools.
1	I inserted the included AA battery, turned the mouse on, then plugged the transceiver into a free USB port on my laptop.
1	There is also low battery indicator just below the scroll wheel than blinks red when your battery is low.
1	Several battery changes didn't help.
1	Now, the mouse sometimes works, other times just stops randomly even though all the lights are on, new battery, and pressing the connect button.
1	Everything (tracking, battery, receiver, etc) was working great.
1	Am going to try the Logitech Wireless Marathon Mouse M705, as there will be no recharging battery hassle, and the price will be a bit more reasonable.
1	I totally agree with other reviewers about the  battery life issues , but I find that even with constant use I only have to change the battery at most twice a month (thank god for rechargeables).
1	That makes this mouse a questionable choice for use with a laptop, unless you intend to carry the charging base with you when you travel for any length of time (there is no separate battery backup option).
1	I purchased this about 6 months ago based on the claim of extended battery life and I end up having to replace the AA every week.
1	My previous mouse was a Logitec Performance mouse and the battery lasted months and was an all-around better mouse and even though the logitec was initially more expensive I realize now I'll spend way more in batteries for this microsoft mouse than my old Logitec.
1	Have only had this a couple of days so don't have much to say about the battery life or life expectancy in general.
1	It comes with a replaceable AA NIMH rechargeable battery and the life of it is great.
1	It is made well overall, nothing seems to be coming apart (although the  battery door is a bit wobbly , but that probably happens after a bit of use).
1	While the mouse has a great feel and works well, the  battery life is horrific .
1	The worst thing besides quality, is the  battery life , basically no more than a week even under light usage, and one or two days under intense use like gaming.
1	(it doesn't) Will the battery drain really quick?
1	What made me choose this mouse was the fact that it ships with a *replaceable* Eneloop battery.
1	Not only are Eneloops the best rechargeable batteries (in fact, I power tons of devices with them) but if at any time in the future the charge in the battery just isn't holding like it used to, replace it!
1	But not only that, Logitech provides a great, thin mini-USB cable which you can attach to the mouse to charge the battery back up AND you can still use the mouse while it is charging.
1	The two unfortunate features of this mouse are its power-hungry battery consumption and the need to "wake" the mouse before it is ready for use.
1	Overall, this mouse has great features, but it is too  hindered by battery life  and needing to wake it up.
1	The  battery life is so poor , and the mouse goes to sleep so quickly, that the function of the product is ruined by these bugs.
1	It was great, and except for a battery every once in a while, I never had any problems with it at all.
1	- this mouse uses a NiMH  battery which is of much poorer quality  than the Li-ion batteries that were used in some previous models.
1	Problems : The range on this mouse is very limited, the  battery life is short  (The mouse seems to always be on.
1	Does the job, but if you are not going to use the MOUSE for a while, make sure to disconnect the battery.
1	It wasn't battery problems either; I would have the same problem with a fresh set of batteries.
1	While it functioned excellent at the beginning, over the last couple of months I've noticed that it started to react slowly as I used it, like the battery power was low (even with a fresh battery).
1	I thought that the internal rechargeable battery on this mouse would be a drawback but this mouse has a crazy battery life; this is good because once it starts dying even if it only holds 1/18th of the original capacity it will still be usable for a day.
1	Speaking of which, the integrated battery leds in the trim of the mouse are an elegant touch.
1	The only issue I have experienced with this product is that on occasion, the USB connector (when inserted into the bottom slot on the mouse) does not make a proper connection (telling the mouse to shut off) and the  battery eventually dies .
1	The battery time i wish was higher but its not bad either.
1	The Microsoft's one is larger, has more moving parts and lower battery life time.
1	The only thing I found is that it does not have an on/off switch, so you will have to take the battery off if you want to extend battery life a little longer.
1	For one, the  battery doesn't last very long  so you need to recharge it constantly.
1	- From other reviews, the  battery doesn't lasts as long , a week or more at most.
1	Charging while using the PMX defeats the purpose of wireless mouse and battery life is also less.
1	- Personal opinion, PMX has cheesy chrome lining and pop out battery indicator rather than sleek black lining and phantom battery indicator.
1	I have make sure the battery is fully charged.
1	When I first starting using this mouse it seemed to work fine, it was small and claimed to have good battery life pfff ya right the description said 8 to 10 months but I was replacing my batteries after a few weeks, also it sticks alot even when the battery isn't low.
1	It is still precise even the battery is low.
1	Unlike many people, I find the battery life sufficient.
1	The  battery life isn't that great .
1	The LEDS on the side of the mouse also give you a good indication of battery level.
1	It has a pic of a battery then 3 squares above that which all light up green when fully charged.
1	As the battery drains each button will disappear and finally the LED will turn red letting you know its almost out of juice.
1	uses single AA battery that seems to last for a good period of time.
1	They could improve the grip in where is written the logitech logo and the battery lifetime, but, the mouse has more qualities that compensate that.
1	The only thing I don't like about this mouse - the  battery goes dead every few days  and I have to recharge it.
1	the battery lasts a long time.
1	I have to put a new battery (I use the ones for digital cameras, not the cheap ones) every 3-4 days, but overall, it's a good mouse.
1	It runs off a very good rechargeable battery.
1	If you're smart, you'll buy an extra Eneloop AA battery and keep it charged, assuming as I have that most people have a battery charger around the house.
1	I would swap one in when the other needed charging till one completely died ( battery is not "user replaceable" ).
1	The battery is a user replaceable standard rechargeable AA battery.
1	This is great, have a charger next to the desk and keep a spare charged at all times, when battery dies, take battery out, put it in charger, and put charged battery in mouse.
1	I was always assuming it was the battery since the lifespan is short of amazing.
1	Cons: Weak transmitter,  very short battery life , chrome starts to peel off, rubber scroll wheel comes off.
1	The battery that recharges inside the mouse didn't even last 6 months before it stopped working completely.
