0	The battery life is amazing . .
0	<p> Great quality and battery life .
0	The bluetooth connection is great and I haven't run out of battery yet and at the beginning I kept accidently leaving it on all night so I think the battery life is pretty good .
0	<p> Battery life is awesome . .
0	It has a low battery indicator too so no surprises .
0	Jury still out on battery life .
0	UPDATE This thing is a stud when it comes to battery in over a year I have used 3 sets of batteries That is with use every other day for 4 8 hrs I wish the Eee power adapter was as reliable as this mouse .
0	Now February I finally get the low battery indicator .
0	I will report on the battery life when they die .
0	The mouse has a very effective smart power sensor to preserve battery life and an on off switch to prevent gradual discharge . .
0	It has nice power savings features and the battery is lasting a long time several weeks but I don't use it every day . .
0	Plug & Play good battery life and extremely reliable . .
0	Works as advertised and connected very easily to my Mac Book Air On off switch is convenient and easy to switch off to save battery life .
0	I left mine on for a few weeks and that drained my battery .
0	The battery life indicator on the top hasnt gone on yet so i suppose it has about 5 more days of battery life left .
0	Pros Price response time usefulness 6 buttons BATTERY LIFE of over a month small stylish battery life indicator Cleans easily .
0	<p> Battery life is pretty phenomenal even when I forget to turn it off when I'm done . .
0	The battery life is excellent even if you don't switch it off manually and I have yet to loose the bluetooth connection my Apple's Bluetooth Might Mouse ate batteries for lunch and lost its connection quite often . .
0	It also has excellent battery life . .
0	Sometimes is the mouse has not been used for a minute or two it will delay tracking fro a second but I imagine this is the power saving mode of the mouse to extend the battery life .
0	So far the battery life has been great although since it uses two AA batteries it may be heavier than you are expecting . .
0	Overall I LOVE IT I do wish it came with a starter battery pack .
0	The battery life is excellent . .
0	It helps to save the battery by being able to turn it off it has an off switch on the bottom of the mouse .
0	I have yet to experience any battery problems .
0	And for those who are considering the battery life I should say with a couple of Alkaline batteries it will last around three months usually I work more than 6h a day .
0	I like the On Off switch provided at the bottom for saving battery power The carrying case which comes with this mouse is also decent .
0	I had another mouse with better battery life but this one is still pretty good and nothing to complain about . .
0	The on off switch saves on the battery life .
0	The battery life is decent a few months of constant use at least and the light on top starts warning you when you've only got a few days left . .
0	5 It's pretty miserly with battery usage . .
0	There is not much to say other than having bluetooth is great for not needing a receiver It also does a great job conserving battery . .
0	What can I Say Battery lasts for 3 4 weeks .
0	It's extremely easy to use and though it does lag just a bit if you haven't used the mouse in over 5 minutes I find that to be a small price to pay for the extended battery life .
0	It powers down when not being used to save the battery but comes right back on with a little motion and is good to go Has an on off switch on the bottom which is great when traveling . .
0	The battery life of this mouse is really good but not without some consequences I have experienced a slight initial lag in cursor movement whenever I use the mouse after about 30 seconds of inactivity .
0	I've changed the batteries three times this thing hardly uses any battery power even if you leave it turned on .
0	Is recognized instantly via my macbook pro and the battery life seems to be very good .
0	The on off switch is a handy feature to maximize battery life though I am also happy to report that the mouse won't drain your batteries overnight in case you forget to switch it off . .
0	Outstanding engineering for instance the way that the battery compartment is designed and accessed is logical and fool proof this may seem like a little nit but it is indicative of the thought put into the design of the mouse .
0	It has an on off switch to conserve battery .
0	Performance and battery life are very good with a caveat . .
0	I like the size style and the fact that I can save battery life by turning it off when not in use .
0	I love that it's bluetooth wireless and the battery life has exceeded my expectations . .
0	Pros bluetooth wireless comfort battery life . .
0	Can't comment on battery life as we have not had it long enough to replace the battery .
0	Battery life seems to be ok we haven't had to replace them yet and we use it every day for between 15 minutes and a couple hours .
0	I did not have to install the software that came with the mouse my MacBook found it after I turned the mouse on it has an on off switch to save battery life and hit the tiny connect button on the bottom of the mouse .
0	It works on any surface and the battery life is great . .
0	Never a dropped signal and the battery life is impressive . .
0	<p> Battery life appears to be good as well .
0	<p> very good battery life . .
0	Battery status LED on Mouse and Battery Level status indication in utility .
0	Battery life To new to assess .
0	Perfectly comfortable extremely long battery life . .
0	On off switch to save battery life if only I can remember to switch it off when I'm done Ergonomic design for long usage comfort .
0	I am a graphic designer and found the hesitation to be extremely minimal and well worth it for the excellent battery life it also uses AA batteries which is a huge bonus over AAA . .
0	Have not used it long enough to comment on battery life . .
0	The battery life is amazing also . .
0	<p> Battery life is very good . .
0	Using a few months no sign of trouble with battery life . .
0	I have yet to go through my first battery with the battery level still at good level after several days of pretty heavy use .
0	It does go to sleep after about 30 seconds of not being used but again it only takes a second or two to wake up which isn't a big deal and saves the battery .
0	Feels great very responsive have no idea on the battery life yet but it is of no concern pick up some rechargeables while you are out shopping .
0	The on off switch is great for extending battery life . .
0	Oops forgot the battery cover .
0	I haven't had it long enough to comment on the battery but it's been about a week and it still hasn't died . .
0	I'm using a new mac with the bluetooth and outside of that one flaw the mouse works great haven't had battery problems yet and i love having the ability to right click . .
0	Just switch it off and stow it for long battery life .
0	Contrary to some reviews it only take a split second to wake from sleep which saves TONS of battery power .
0	Battery life usability quality of build and comfort is good .
0	Last note is the nice battery life . .
0	A battery meter allows you to tell when the battery is getting low .
0	I figured the best way to not repeat that mistake was to go Bluetooth and I've been pleasantly surprised at how good of a mouse this has been I use it every day and I have 1 yet to need to replace the battery after more than a month of solid use and 2 forget that it's a Bluetooth mouse at times because it works so well .
0	<p> Battery life seems good as I haven't had to change them out yet 2xAA . .
0	Very sensitive and I have not has to change the battery yet and I use it everyday for several hours .
0	I use the pad on my 17 Macbook Pro mostly so it saves the battery to turn it off .
0	Have used the mouse for a bit over a month with no indication that the battery has run down .
0	The battery life is as good as you can get . .
0	<p> Very good battery life also . .
0	It connected great when I got it and the battery life is also great . .
0	I will return and rate the battery life after I have used the mouse for sometime .
0	It has great battery life great response laser precision left right buttons on the wheel good size and comfortable grip . .
0	It's easy on battery power . .
0	Sleeps when not needed has very good battery life . .
0	Feels good in the hand and has great battery life as well as a great solid feel to it . .
0	It has a switch on the bottom so you can easily turn it all the way off to save the battery .
0	When the mouse goes in to sleep mode it takes a little longer to wake back up than other battery operated mice I've used .
0	The battery life is fantastic I have yet to replace them after over a month the sensitivity is good setup was really easy on my MacBook feels great in my hand solid clicking feel nice & compact to take with you on the road just a great mouse . .
0	Haven't had to change battery yet and I never switch it off bottom switch .
0	The ON OFF switch is a real asset which will surely extend battery life .
0	This is a good looking wireless mouse and the battery lasts a fairly long time due to it's timeouts . .
0	Battery life seems to be above average & the Logitech 3 year warranty makes this a good buy .
0	The battery life on this mouse is outstanding I think I might have change the batteries once on this guy over the years .
0	You can get AAA batteries anywhere which is not the case with an AC outlet and the several hours needed to recharge a lithium ion battery .
0	Logitech doesn't provide estimates of battery life but from experience with other devices I suspect it is substantial .
0	Works like a charm and battery still hasn't died and I've had it for over a month . .
0	There is an on off switch to conserve the battery very nice Also it is white to match my Macbook . .
0	Software allows you you monitor battery level .
0	Too early to tell about battery life but I have at least 2 weeks of fairly heavy use on the first set of batteries .
0	Though it's been only three weeks using this I've experienced no issues with the mouse's accuracy or battery life .
0	The on off switch on the bottom is convenient and easy to use saves on battery life . .
0	<p> Battery life is very good . .
0	We'll see about battery life always leave it on and durability .
0	BATTERY The first set of batteries we used lasted for a little less than a month .
0	If the battery lasts as long as I want it to I'll consider replacing other mice around the house .
0	Comfortable reliable responsive and long battery life . .
0	The Bluetooth works seamlessly with my MacBook Pro running Leopard and the battery life is good . .
0	No comment on battery life .
0	Wish it had a rechargeable battery though .
0	Battery life is about 25 35% shorter than other bluetooth mice & keyboards I use .
0	1st off the battery life is absolutely fantastic in the year that I've had it I haven't replaced the 2 AA batteries more than twice I don't even remember The mouse was easy to set up on Mac and I've had no trouble with it connecting to the computer . .
0	There is a little ON OFF switch on the bottom which is nice for quickly stowing the mouse away and preventing battery drainage or if you're throwing it in a backpack or something but the mouse does not come with a case that prevents the buttons from being pressed or protected which kind of sucks .
0	Bottom line AFTER A YEAR OF USE Great battery life Performance that is perfectly fine for daily tasks and casual gaming have played lots of flash games and stuff like Starcraft etc Good construction quality and portability factor Very easy to use auto connect after being installed that has worked glitch free at least on Mac Lag and motion tracking inaccuracies are noticeable but so if need very precise control wireless is probably not for you .
0	Long battery life 1 2 months with regular use on rechargeable batteries .
0	<p> Battery life is excellent . .
0	It tracks very well turns on very quickly and the battery life is excellent . .
0	The only thing that would make it better would be if it came with a re chargeable battery .
0	It also has an application that alerts you to the battery getting low so you have time to arrange for replacements .
0	The mouse is well designed feels comfortable to use and the battery lasts for a good three months of constant use . .
0	I have had this mouse for about two months and it is still running on the two AA original batteries the battery life is the best I have ever seen . .
0	It has excellent battery life excellent sensitivity etc . .
0	The battery lasts a good time so far . .
0	When sitting for a while it auto disconnects which saves battery but when you move it it turns back on .
0	<p> Great Battery life .
0	This saves battery life .
0	Other than that the battery life is quite strong the reception is VERY strong the ergonomics are well designed the size is great and I have monkey hands and finally THE PRICE . .
0	I should turn it off at the end of the day to save on the battery life .
0	For some reason it does not show up in the Mac's Bluetooth devices panel quite right so I don't get the battery level indicator .
0	It installs quickly has great battery life feels just fine and have had no problems . .
0	Battery life indicator .
0	Could have come with built in rechargeable batteries but not too big a deal as battery life is very long .
0	Even if you turn it off to save battery when you wake the Mac it lets you know the mouse is disconnected but if you power the mouse back on it takes a few milliseconds before you see the icon for this mouse and you are ready to go .
0	It should also be noted that it is ALSO GREAT on battery life .
0	I had the change the Kensington batteries like every 4 weeks not even a month So even though this mouse is actually cheaper you will save even more money on batteries or on recharging battery swapping .
0	It is a little on the small side but if the tradeoff is weight and battery life all good . .
0	Haven't had a chance to see how battery life is but after two weeks so far so good .
0	I've only been using it for a few weeks but so far no battery change yet .
0	Have not had it long enough to evaluate battery life . .
0	It has an on off switch to save battery life .
0	A very clear marking for the two AA battery install for those of us battery install challenged and a bright LED that turns RED when you need to replace the batteries .
0	I didn't rate battery life because I've only had it a month .
0	I love the side tilt to scroll left and right the battery power has been excellent bc I never shut it off . .
0	Does not seem to have a problem with battery life .
0	Still on the original battery .
0	I gave it 4 5 stars instead of 5 because the battery dies in about a month or so .
0	I wonder if it's waking up from a sleep state to conserve battery life .
0	<p> Excellent battery life .
0	It appears that one way it conserves battery usage is to go into a sort of sleep mode if it isn't used for a few seconds .
0	Overall the mouse is responsive seems to get good battery life it's comfortable accurate and meets all my needs when it comes to functionality . .
0	<p> Battery life seems really good although I use rechargables . .
0	The battery lasts forever and it works flawlessly .
0	It does go to sleep and take a second to wake but that extends the battery life which is good since I hardly ever remember to turn it off manually . .
0	I don't know about the battery life yet but I have been using it a few hours a day for the last three weeks and I am still on the first pair of AAs which seems decent to me .
0	I'm still using the original set of batteries after about seven weeks of daily use of at least three hours a day and the battery level still shows as good even thaough I have never once turned off the power switch on the mouse .
0	I can see battery life becoming an issue but it's a price I'm willing to pay for short range wireless products .
0	Its Bluetooth performance is far inferior to Apple's Mighty Mouse and the performance and stellar battery life of .
0	Battery life so far is much better then the others I have used including other Logitech items .
0	There is no lag time when the laptop comes out of hibernation and even though the mouse has an off switch i have only used it once just to see if the laptop would see it when i powered it back on and it did with no problems As for battery life as i said its been installed for a month now and still going strong even though i only powered it off once . .
0	It uses two AA cells and from my previous experience with a Logitech wireless mouse I expect long battery life .
0	I can turn it off and and turn it on which is a battery saver . .
0	On Off switch is great for conserving battery life . .
0	On off switch to save battery and bluetooth to save a USB port makes this an awesome mouse .
0	It's fast reliable and the battery life is unbelievable . .
0	Device works good and is comfortable The battery life thus far is good . .
0	By comparison I have been through 3 other bluetooth mice and some lasted only a couple of weeks others a month before battery change is needed .
0	I can't comment on battery life as I'm still on its first set of batteries .
0	The infrared laser really surprised me as well and I can only assume it will help immensely with battery life .
0	Secondly the battery life seems fine to me . .
0	There is a much easier fix that will only require you to open the battery compartment once and only once and not deal with rotating how its plugged into the wall outlet or any other hokey ideas of reversing polarity and spinning the battery Microsoft and whomever they have contracted to build the batteries had the same issue with the 7000 series as well and this is a fix Ive used on all the 7000 series Ive ran across First take a piece of paper and cut a strip slightly under the length of the battery itselfThen wrap this strip around the battery 2 to 3 times and cut off the excess length and tape it into place to keep it from unrollingReplace battery into compartment and test it now should be the appropriate thickness needed to depress the sensor switch within the compartment and verify to the mouse itself a battery is indeed installed THAT is the reason for the flashing red light Microsoft contracted with a company that built a series of batteries that are too thin and do not depress the switch and the wonderful QA department never caught it and obviously marketing figures it is more cost efficient to continue to sell these units with an improperly designed battery than re build and replace all of them already shippedHope that helpsDoug .
0	The only negative thing was that the rechargeable battery in my package was a dud .
0	I inserted a regular AA battery and away I went .
0	I didn't bother trying to get the bad battery replaced .
0	I got my mouse yesterday evening and charged the mouse till 6 this evening and tried to used the mouse and the battery do not work . .
0	I changed the chargeable battery to the regular battery and I love the mouse and all the function it has .
1	I tried to call Amazon and get the battery replaced but unfortunately there is no contact number for seller so had to return the hole thing and get the new one . .
1	Very good and smooth mouse but the defective battery . .
0	I will be changing out the stock rechargable battery for an eneloop battery when I get to the store .
0	The re chargeable battery does not fit the compartment .
0	I use a regular AAA battery .
0	I did however change the battery to a better rechargable battery but I already had those so it wasnt a big deal . .
0	I am sure that the battery that comes with the unit is fine but I never tested it .
0	The mouse works great and if you remember to dock it every once in a while its great thinking to not have to replace the battery every 30 60 days .
1	The NIHM AAA battery was also no good holding no charge whatsoever after a full 24 hour of trying . .
0	Well first off what I have to say is this mouse is the most comfortable mouse I have ever used I love it it works awesome exact for the rechargeable battery . .
1	This mouse works great but it came with a bad battery .
1	The battery just wouldn't hold a charge .
0	I did take the advice of another reviewer who stated to place some tape on the battery .
0	I also have microsoft wireless explorer mouse and this one uses only one AAA battery which makes its movement nice and sleek .
1	Battery recharging might be the most famous issue about this product .
1	I tried every suggested methods after searching the web and it is solved simply by changing the battery with Sanyo Eneloop .
1	Throw the battery that was included in the box and replace it will make recharging so simple .
0	The first one also worked fine for 2 months then batteries would only last about 12 hours before red light would come on and message would flash on the monitor that Battery is critically low .
0	Only problem was the battery shipped with the mouse was DOA even after charging overnight .
0	Put in a new battery and it has been working great even since .
0	Of course it has only been a few weeks and haven't had a chance to test battery fully .
0	Second It really does not charge with the charger and battery that comes with it .
0	If you use another battery and charge it separately it works fine .
0	I had to take another battery regular AAA and use on it .
0	Since a battery lasts for months it is no big deal for me but I understand this is a really huge design flaw .
1	So bottomline Amazing mouse with a nonfunctioning battery and charger .
1	And it comes with rechargeable battery charge base for crying out loud .
0	we purchased 4 of them and all four the battery were dead .
1	Haven't had any problems with the battery but I also charge it every night when I'm out of the office .
0	I was going to return it because its 4yrs old and the battery wouldn't take a charge I informed Adorama and they said they would reenburse me .
0	Instead I placed a new AAA battery and it worked . .
0	I did some searching online and found that the contractor Microsoft partnered with to supply the rechargeable battery mistakenly produced them a diameter that just slightly too small to depress the button in the case that tells the mouse that there's a battery inside .
0	The easiest solution is to cut a strip of paper a little shorter than the body of the battery and wrap it around tape it in place and gently insert it into the battery compartment .
0	I've tried people's suggestions with flipping the plug around sticking pieces of paper in the battery compartment etc .
1	The battery looked highly suspect though a huge disappointment in Microsoft in my opinion .
0	I may try purchasing a standard AAA rechargeable battery and see how it works .
0	Because the battery is a little bit small and you need to refit it until the light become green .
0	Nice battery life have not charged it yet used it for 3 weeks .
0	If you go ahead and buy a rechargeable triple A battery when you purchase this mouse you will be very happy with it .
0	And at the price of the mouse I had no problem buying a new battery for it . .
0	Like other reviewers have said the battery that comes with this mouse probably wont work .
0	I tried all the tricks with folding paper and wrapping the battery in paper to sticking a piece of conductive metal in to make sure it have good contact with the battery and nothing worked .
0	This time i bought a 1000mA rechargable battery online for a few dollars and used it with the mouse and it works wonderfully .
1	Moral of the story Its a great mouse but the 4yr old battery that comes with it just wont work .
0	Else its been more than 6 months and i have not changed battery .
0	This is the best mouse i've ever had its accurate fits my hand perfectly the buttons are programmable and BEST of all its rechargeable and comes with a docking base that recharges the battery everytime you place the mouse on it .
0	THE RED LIGHT PHENOMINUM Seems some units were shipped with a too narrow battery .
0	SOLUTION Replace one inexpensive rechargeable AAA or simply wrap with a narrow strip of paper around the round part fix with tape and battery is wide enough to hold in place . .
0	Add the long time between battery recharges up to 18 hours and you'll get a BIG DEAL smile .
0	Battery lasts all day without being recharged doesn't become less sensitive when battery is wearing down .
0	Based on other reviews I place a piece of scotch tape around the battery and it work . .
0	I've tried Apple's wireless Bluetooth mouse before and it was annoying to change battery once a week .
0	There's a lot of negative reviews about the battery charger this is easily fixed by popping in any old rechargeable AAA battery .
0	The rechargeable battery that came with this unit is dead but you can put any NI MH battery .
0	I personally do not use charging base because I have fast battery charger and plenty of spare batteries . .
0	I also own newer version Blue track MS mobile mouse and battery life is superior to this model . .
0	Excellent mouse the rechargeable battery out of the box was old and wouldn't take charge .
0	I am very happy with this mouse works great I like the recharge feature no more battery replacement I also have the 8000 model but the 7000 fits my hand better .
0	Works perfect for any surface fits hand nicely There was 1 problem when i installed battery and connected to charger the red light started to blink it means that mouse is not charging than i removed battery an saw that there was small oxidation on it so i replaced it with my NiMH AAA rechargable battery which i fond at home so now it works perfectly notice there will always be such kind of problem with battery that is not used for long time so don't be nervous and just replace it if it doesn't works .
1	My mouse came with a bad battery .
0	However because this mouse uses a rechargeable AAA battery I simply purchased a pack of rechargeable AAA batteries from radio shack about $6 and the problem was solved .
0	battery life My Mouse runs for 2 and a half weeks with daily use on a full charge .
0	battery A HUGE plus in my book is the exchangeable battery .
0	If my battery ever dies all i have to do is pop in a spare battery and keep using it until i have time to recharge the battery .
0	great price no dropout portable amazing battery life cheap feel odd extra button configuration . .
0	I like how the battery is rechargeable on an included dock . .
0	But when charging the battery for the first time it was so low on power the charger dock wouldn't recognize it I overcame this problem by using a standard wall outlet battery charger for the first charge then the dock started recognizing the the battery .
0	Provided rechargeable battery will not charge with this item when inserted the light on top just pulses red indicating that the battery is not charging .
0	Either the battery is kaput or the battery is too small for the mouse I have tried the various fixes available on the internet and none of them worked for me .
0	This poses a problem if you leave for the day thinking that the mouse is charging and the next day it is flashing red and the battery dies shortly thereafter .
0	Get a post it note cut it to be shorter than the length of the battery wrap it around the battery put it case .
0	Wah la it charges as now the circumference of the battery is a millimeter more and that's all the sensor needs to identify the battery and charge it .
0	Also the mouse is not heavy for it uses only one AAA rechargeable battery which seems to last for a long time .
0	The battery has never ran down on me .
0	It works well the battery lasts a long time between charges and it is very accurate so like I said before I have no complaints . .
0	Place the included NiMHD battery in the mouse plug in the charger base and park the mouse on it for an hour before your first use and more like 5 for a complete charge .
0	The Logitech MX1100 has eliminated the whole battery recharge thing altogether with a super efficient design that enables you to get a ridiculous amount of time out of a single battery .
0	<p> Comes with a rechargeable battery .
0	After reading all these reviews regarding the battery issue and the compatiblity of this mouse i started to question my decision to purchase this product .
1	As expected the battery that came out of the box doesnt recharge so i tried to wrap a paper around the battery and it failed miserably .
0	<p> Long Battery life Rechargeable Wireless Reliable Easy to hold and work with < Those are my 5 main points why you should get this mouse .
0	And the Microsoft Laser Mouse 7000 will not recharge for a RIDICULOUS REASON which I have to wonder how many batteries are pitched and or mouses are returned because of where MS needs to provide a SIMPLE FIX due to a simple design flaw by way of a new battery and or workaround .
0	I came across a solution someone figured out which appears to be working now as my Microsoft mouse with its small rechargeable Nickel Metal Hydride NiMH battery is recharged again finally .
0	If there is a battery in the mouse and everything is functioning properly that LED should be slowly blinking GREEN until it is fully charged and then it should be solid green light .
0	Why do you get a red blinking LED Light indicator instead of a green one even with your NEW Microsoft Laser Mouse 7000 which presumably has a NEW rechargeable and fully functional battery .
0	Unfortunately the standard NiMH battery shipped with the Microsoft Wireless Laser Mouse 7000 is too narrow of diameter and does not fully depress the battery sensor switch and the mouse acts as though no battery is present even when it is .
0	The solution is to 1 get a thicker battery which I have no idea where to find one or more preferably 2 wrap some paper and or tape around the battery that came with the mouse just enough to make the battery diameter great enough to depress the switch under the battery .
0	I have taken the approach of rolling paper around the battery 2 or three turns around battery with normal letter paper I had cut into a strip the width of the battery and taping the paper together on outside so as to prevent if from uncoiling itself .
0	Then I placed the battery back in the battery compartment an put the mouse on the base recharger unit .
0	Note do not put so much paper around the battery as to make closing the battery holder compartment door impossible .
0	My battery cover door was a snug fit when I was done but it worked .
0	I still can not help thinking how many of these otherwise working mice are being thrown away and or returned when Microsoft or their designer manufacturer battery supplier etc made a rather simple design flaw error that has found its way into the market .
0	This is a very good fit for my hand and got it very low price but the AAA battery which comes with mouse sucks real time I just threw it away with couple of tries for charging mouse and I replaced it with the new AAA battery and it works fine .
0	Battery life is around 10 days with CONSTANT use .
0	ADDENDUM I can't change my rating of the mouse but wish that I could because after a couple of weeks of use I began to get a message saying the mouse battery was out of pawer and the battery should be replaced .
0	I also wonder how frustrating it will be if I forget to put it on the charger and the charge completely runs out of the battery .
0	The first thing I noticed about this mouse is that is only uses one battery .
0	This mouse uses a rechargeable AAA battery that is very light weight .
0	The battery included with the mouse charges much better on that charger than the one that attaches to the mouse and that battery still works well though it seems I'm lucky it still works as some reviewers seem to have received a much older battery than I did .
0	I have not used the included charger at all since getting a standalone charger since it charges much better quicker too and removing the battery is easy on this mouse . .
0	Since you can't use the mouse while it is charging the charger covers the bottom and turns off the mouse too it is only slightly more convenient than taking out the battery and using a separate charger . .
0	Rather than two AA batteries this only uses a single AAA battery which kind of makes using a rechargeable battery a must though you can use a nonrechargeable in an emergency .
0	The mouse comes with one AAA NiMH 1000 mAh battery .
0	I suspect this has something to do with the issues people have had with the included battery .
0	I do use it but it is easy enough to just take the battery out and put it into a regular battery charger . .
0	You may even want to get a second battery so you can charge one and use the other .
0	Yes it does require you to get a replacement rechargeable battery but it's well worth it . .
0	After getting the new battery there are no problems with this mouse . .
0	I am loving this mouse Its awesone with a very long battery life and added feature of magnifier .
0	Battery life is quite long I've gone a week without needing a recharge yet .
0	It tells you to insert the battery and to turn the mouse on using the switch on the bottom of the mouse .
0	Maintaining Battery Life in a Presenter Mouse .
0	The battery lasts a long time about two months .
0	The battery life is more than I expected .
0	The first battery recharge was after 18 days now I just slide it onto the handy recharger at night and I'm good to go the next day .
0	I had to take the battery out a few times and play with the placement of the mouse on the charger to get it working .
1	The Battery that came with mine was corroded .
0	You get a great Microsoft wireless mouse with decent range and a built in charger with decent battery life and good ergonomics . .
0	It seems that the battery life is good . .
0	Replacing the provided battery with an alternative rechargeable one did the trick .
0	At this price point it is definitely worth it but be prepared to replace the battery AAA .
0	The battery that comes with the mouse however is shaped wrong for the metal plates in the battery holder and therefore a different brand of battery must be purchased in order for it to charge .
0	But after throwing away the default battery and getting new AAA rechargeable batteries the mouse works great I can play games fine with it .
0	The mouse seems to work nicely after the new battery was installed . .
1	I tried to charge it only to figure out that the included battery was no good . .
0	I looked to see when it was manufactured & the label says August of 2008 so I'm thinking that's how long the battery sat around too .
0	needed to replace the battery that came with the mouse it wouldn't charge .
0	The rechargeable battery doesn't charge .
0	I just installed it today so I am waiting to see if it really has an 18 month battery life .
0	The battery life is also outstanding . .
0	I have been using it only for a week now so I cannot comment on the battery life .
0	Many wireless mouse use up lots of battery just so that they can track efficiently .
0	This one is superior because it has great tracking capability and the longest battery life I've ever seen . .
0	I use to have a dark field logitech mouse and it ate batteries like candies Every 1 or 2 months I have to deal with the battery issue .
0	The battery lasts a long time at least 8 hours for me .
0	If I had to come up with something resembling a con it would be how long the battery lasts .
0	<p> Battery lasts a long time great adjustable response time customizeable grips .
0	The auto standby mode is very efficient and even when you forget to turn it off in wireless mode hardly drains the battery .
0	Smart charging so if you leave it plugged in too long it wont kill the battery life .
0	The battery lasts about 1 2 a day not the full day many comment under normal use .
0	Rechargeable battery lasts a long time I have easily gone for 6 8 hours on a night of raiding and still not run the battery out .
0	could not be happier 5 stars for sure only complaint is that if you have the lights at full brightness and the full color rotation it really kills your battery .
0	Multiple buttons wireless or wired is nice Recharges battery for you . .
0	Nothing worse than to be in game and have a battery failure .
0	It comes in a cool box with 3 grips for custom usage battery unique USB cable and wireless charger and docking station did I mention what sold me is the fact that it changes color .
0	Comes with a charging cable that you can either plug into the charging dock or you can plug it directly into the mouse so you can charge the mouse while youre playing with it since the mouse comes with a rechargeable battery i know its epic Phenomenal 1ms response rate .
0	The components are all build with quality and care and when the battery is placed in the mouse it gives it a very nice weight .
0	I leave mine corded but the battery lasts all day if i need it to .
0	Wireless with great battery life . .
0	The wired wireless dual mode operation came in handy when the low battery indicator flashed mid game . .
0	The charging cradle and wireless receiver unit plugs into the end of the cable the same cable you have to plug into the mouse to continue using it if the battery dies on you .
0	The only slight complaint is the battery life could be better but it is not that bad . .
0	who doesn't I have bad luck with finding the bad apples in the group when it comes to electronics but all in all I love this mouse it's comfortable customizable as far as the side panels go and the battery adds a nice weight to the mouse for gaming but I suggest having a solid hard surface to use this on the sliding plates drag a little bit when it's on a cloth fiber mousepad . .
0	This is a wireless mouse that can be wired not big on the wireless idea so I just keep the wire in without the battery love the grips that can be switched out . .
0	The wireless battery life is awful compared to other wireless mice that I own Logitech Anywhere MX but they are not illuminated .
0	This version of the Naga is heavier because of the battery which I like . .
0	My only possible complaint would be that the battery is only good for about one day before it needs to be charged again . 	.
