1	The mouse is stellar in almost all ways - great battery life, great precision movement, great control over response and customizable button.
1	I've had this mouse for about an hour now and I've come to these conclusions: - The scroll wheel is nice and smooth but will take some getting used to - Movement is generally precise but has been occasionally jerky and unresponsive - Mouse feels good in the hand though is a bit heavy (I realized I pick up the mouse to go across two monitors sometimes) - The button near the thumb (left and right arrows) seem pretty useless and really, really irritating to my thumb, if they weren't there this mouse would feel 100% better Maybe I still have to get used to it but I just might be shipping this thing back.
1	There are lots of button and some can be programmed for application-specific functions, although the number of compatible applications is small.
1	My main problem is that some of  button do not always do  what they're supposed to do.
1	if there has a button on the mice to turn the power off, maybe better.
1	I was aware of some of the differences between the two: most notably, the auto-free-spin feature was removed and the Performance MX had a dedicated free-spin toggle button.
1	With my hands, if I place my thumb directly under the zoom/forward-back button, the palm area by the thumb is completely unsupported.
1	My second  complaint is the middle mouse button  (or the mouse wheel button).
1	And finally, I've gotten so used to having the mouse wheel button function as the free-spin toggle that I often find myself clicking that when I'm trying to switch to free spin mode.
1	On the other mice I used (and use concurrently; Anywhere MX) I assigned the middle mouse click to what is the free-spin toggle button on the Performance MX.
1	I reprogrammed those button for zoom (zoom in, zoom out, and ctrl+0, to be specific) and it was very fast and convenient when I had my 17" laptop with a 1920x1200 resolution screen.
1	That said, the zoom button on the Performance MX, which you toggle by pressing the button and change by using the middle mouse wheel, will suffice and should please anyone who frequently needs to zoom but never had dedicated button for it before.
1	The main feature of the revolution MX was implementation of the wheel button.
1	In order to get free spin, you have to press a button under the wheel, which is much less convenient.
1	This is a good mouse I epically like how you can unlock the scroll while that will let you scroll through pages as fast as you want also the back button are good and easy to use when going back and forth in between web pages.
1	The scroll-wheel is great, the button are great, but this mouse fails at its fundamental task.
1	Logitech people, I hope you rectify and reinvent a new generation of Mice that combines improvements such: The "Darkfield", the location of the button to switch between windows and the small "Unifying" receiver of the "Perfomance" model, with the battery life, ergonomics and original system of rolling of the "Revolution".
1	I'm especially fond of the hidden thumb button that I've grew accustomed to on my previous mouse (MX1100).
1	The middle click button works, but only if you press it at a certain angle with just the right amount of force.
1	They moved the placement of the back/forward button slightly higher on a ridge, above third programmable zoom button.
1	My MX1100 had perfect placement of the back/forward button just slightly above the thumb.
1	With the new placement, I'm forced to life my thumb up and out above the ridge to press them, often times hitting the zoom button placed in between by mistake.
1	Fortunately, this mouse is fully supported by third-party software USB Overdrive which can configure all the button on the Performance MX.
1	This second MX Revolution, a few months old, is now starting to behave in the same way, it hesitates frequently when trying to move the cursor, and clicks to the index finger  button do not always register .
1	I'll miss some of the special features the MX Revolution offers, such as the fast scrolling, the back and forward thumb button, etc, but having to replace my mouse every few months is absurd.
1	, Free Spin keeps changing to Non free spin,  button simply don't respond to commands  etc.
1	(a few times I've hit the small side.
1	A lot of my movement functions are hindered because the middle mouse  button is extremely touchy .
1	Again the previous version worked much better for me but the middle mouse  button was still somewhat glitchy  just not nearly this bad.
1	) The two thumb button are a little awkwardly placed.
1	Because of the more sudden curve into the mouse for the thumb area, those two button are placed a little high for easy access now.
1	Another positive is that Logitech has added two button for the thumb (I would have at leased one more just to ensure that it will be a happy day).
1	However, I have to agree with several of my fellow commenters here in saying the mechanical DPI button?
1	Besides, if I'm going to shell out this much doe for a fully programmable mouse, I want more button!
1	The only problem I had with the customization is that sometimes it wouldn't keep the correct bindings you assigned to the button.
1	It's very frustrating to be in the middle of the game and all of the sudden your reload button keeps kicking you out of the game and opening up a search tab in windows.
1	This is awesome mice, probably the 2nd most comfortable mice (1st was Microsoft) ever I used, battery is rechargeable, customizable button, unifying nano receiver was great.
1	The SetPoint software also touts the ability to allow you to assign application-specific key-presses or functions to the various mouse button, but I found that it couldn't do something as simple as register a press on the mouse-wheel as a middle-click (despite the software allowing me to set it up this way).
1	Additionally, if you want to set up specific commands for this mouse such as "one button search" with Google, you'll find it doesn't work.
1	Beneath the scrollwheel there is a small button that I think most people have mistaken for being a scroll speed enhancement.
1	Unfortunately, it's just a simple button that you can push to perform a search function.
1	However, as I have stated previously, attempting to set the button up for GOOGLE search or the like will not work on Mac.
1	I bought this mouse in particular because it had 5 button instead of 4, but the extra button on the left and right side are so difficult to hit they are basically useless.
1	I'm not sure about the switch application feature; I am used to using Alt+tab, and most of the time I  bump the button when I don't want to .
1	This mouse is quite large and is made for people with larger than average hands as I find the  button to be uncomfortably distant .
1	there is one little drawback: the rubber on both sides where you rest your three fingers (provided your index and middle fingers are on the button)changes color to be kind of green-yellowish.
1	Pros: Small Long battery life Plug-and-Play, no need to setup anything Cons The wheel  button makes a VERY irritating noise  when turns Stops working sometimes, then you need to push the small button underneath to reset.
1	Note also that Logitech's reset procedure involves six button actions and a switch flip, since there is no reset button on this mouse to reconnect the wireless, a seemingly clear design defect.
1	The kind of fake scroll button on the side, by fake I mean that it doesn't actually scroll, it moves back, forward, and clicks, doesn't have many uses, so far with the updates in place it can be used for a couple of things like change documents, change the volume and some others.
1	The search button can be changed to where it's just like the middle click so no complaints there.
1	I couldn't find any great Logitech or Microsoft mouse that was: ergonomic, had a scroll wheel, and had extra programmable button.
1	First the zoom  button is completely not usable , you accidentally hit it all the time because its exactly below the forward and backward button.
1	On the nano mouse they are in the front and I loved those 2 button for browsing, this is not the case with this mouse, you have to move your hand or twist your thumb to much to reach them.
1	The tab button down is a nice feature but the way the logitech software displays the open softwares is not usable so again this feature cannot be used unless you change the button behavior.
1	The nano mouse has a button on the top right down the wheel which I used to search things, it works very nice.
1	This one has one as well but its only to change the scroll mouse, and the search button or third button is moved pressing the scroll wheel which is terrible because you have to press so hard that your pointer moves away from the word selected and then it doesn't search.
1	Since the wheel is exactly for that, scrolling its impossible to press it down without scrolling at least a little the page and that is all it requires to cancel the function of the button.
1	This was not the case if the third button was an extra button like in the nano.
1	Everything else in the 1/4 C-Note range seemed like junk to me (and also no bluetooth,  lack of button  and not the best shape).
1	This is not a good gaming mouse because its too heavy especially in competitive online games where you compete with the mice, also the application switcher button and the zoom button cannot be programed for any game so its a letdown.
1	The sleek design and multiple button makes it sleek as well as professional.
1	The button have great travel and an improved softer click.
1	The Internet page Back and Forward  button do not work as well  for me as they did on the MX1000 and the search button is in a frustrating position directly under the scroll wheel which means that if you finger slips it hits the search button and up pops whatever engine you have designated.
1	Has the two back/forward side button, something the older G5's lack, and even current G7's.
1	The button are useful and well placed.
1	The number of programmable button is unparalleled.
1	+++ The Intellipoint software CD included allows you to customize the extra button on the mouse.
1	Like the case with an earlier Microsoft wireless mouse I had, where the left-click  button stopped working  after some 3 years.
1	The scroll wheel is designed to serve as the middle button.
1	I ended up working around the issue by remapping the zoom button to be the middle button.
1	It had 10 programable button functionality (tilt left/right), three button including center wheel push, four thumb button, and a button to switch between free spin wheel and detent wheel (awesome).
1	The only problem I have with this mouse is the lack of explorer button (back and forward) that are in the thumb location of the larger desktop mouse models.
1	But mouse is utter $%##@& - Most  frustrating is that damn middle button .
1	As a developer I use the middle mouse button alot and this is useless.
1	Since I have never operated any of my free wheeling Logitech mice in any mode other than free wheeling, I am hoping to disassemble this one and remove the  annoying button .
1	The "zoom"  button is misplaced  in that it is positioned too close to the back button.
1	Thus, I continually press the zoom button when attempting to press the back button.
1	Pros: looks insanely awesome feels fairly comfortable has a good amount of programmable button cons: absolutely not portable not really great for gaming - the design doesn't allow for me to click as quick as I need to in my favorite game (league of legends) no internal memory - so if you program a key - you'll need to reload the software if you move the mouse to a different comp.
1	The product came to me scratched up and the button to release the top to put the batteries in is partly jammed so its hard to get it to open, and the mouse stops working from time to time and gets disconnected from my computer frequently.
1	I would like to have a couple additional button by the thumb for going back and forward in browsers, but I knew that going in on the purchase so I cannot complain too much.
1	Beyond about five feet the  button clicks become intermittent .
1	Positioning the mouse for optimum use of the top button and scroll wheel moves your thumb away from the application switching wheel.
1	The application switching wheel is located too far way from the "front" and "back" button, and moving your thumb from the button to the wheel forces the mouse to move because of where the back of the mouse sits relative to the base of your thumb.
1	Is so convenient that I am actually using the old receiver rather than the one that came with Wireless Notebook Optical 3000, I just synchronized them pushing both connect button, because the usb receiver loss some signal when plugged on the back of my PC which is near the floor, and when I want to use it with my laptop, I sync back with the usb receiver.
1	The side button are not nearly as useful as the thumb wheel on the Revolution, the  button placement is awkward , too much of a reach.
1	The right and left  button feel cheap  and are also too much of a reach to be comfortable.
1	The only problem is that the mouse  doesn't have an on/off button  on it, which makes me worry about battery life.
1	Only other thing that would make it better is more button to act more functionality, but hey, it's a mini mouse.
1	I wish the mouse had more button and maybe the option to switch the rechargeable batteries.
1	If not an OFF switch, then they need to program it to shut off after X minutes of non-use with a restart button on it.
1	If you don't use a lot of button on your mouse this is a non-issue.
1	I reprogrammed one of the button to perform a keystroke to open a new tab in IE (which is the only thing I used the wheel-click for previously).
1	There is a tiny button in the recess where the transmitter is placed to turn off the power.
1	It would have been much more convenient to have just a small On/Off button instead, so the transmitter could be left plugged in.
1	Previous review that you couldn't program the button is in error.
1	, have the middle/wheel button show/hide all tools in Photoshop.
1	This Performance MX has one less button than the MX1100.
1	For MX1100, I used one pair of button of volume up/down, another pair for shift/control, and the hidden thumb button for application switcher.
1	Before I bought Performance MX, since its zoom button has to be combined with scroll wheel in order to zoom up/down, I thought the zoom button could also be programmed to work with scroll wheel to control volume as well.
1	So it leaves me one button short.
1	What's worse, the zoom  button is placed so closed  to the other thumb button, making them very difficult to use.
1	In addition to the usual left/right clickers and the scroll wheel, there are also two additional button controls on the sides, and these can be used for additional tasks like moving forward and backward through web page.
1	It has it's bugs (in Vista x64 it would sometimes forget your settings on startup and you would need to double click the SetPoint taskbar icon for it to activate - an example is the wheel setting, being click-to-click or middle button).
1	Which, in turn, comes with many features of which: - Configurable wheel (free to spin - or normal click-click-click), if you don't want a middle-button you can set it to shift between the two.
1	- The wheel itself would act as left/right button if you push it to the sides.
1	- 2 additional button on the side, and one in the middle just behind the wheel - configurable to whatever you like.
1	Though this model does work fantastic on glass, the precision of the mouse cursor is great my main  issues is the button configuration  and the scroll wheel.
1	This makes a lot of accidental scrolling and disjointed scrolling, if I happen to scroll down quick with the precision button on (makes the wheel click for more precise scrolling) the scroll will eventually scroll up in a middle of scrolling down, or vice versa.
1	3> It would make sense to configure the button just behind the wheel to act as middle click button, no?
1	I programmed the the two arrow button on the left edge of the mouse as middle click.
1	So there's 4 of 8  "button" useless  to me!
1	The Thumb Wheel button, One-Touch Search, Thumb Back, and Thumb Forward can be assigned okay, and have a fairly good choice of functions they can perform, including different clicks or a keystroke.
1	I wound up setting most apps for manual shift, which is accomplished with the center (scroll wheel) button.
1	That's 5 of 8  "button" now virtually useless .
1	It DOES make available left-tilt, right-tilt, forward-thumb-wheel, and backward-thumb-wheel, as 4 separate button which can be assigned to anything in that software's long list of functions.
1	The reasons for my giving this mouse 2 stars instead of 1 are it's incredible comfort in my hand, the nice feel of the scroll wheel, the number and good placement of button (almost as good as the MX-1000), and usefulness of the scroll wheel's "Free-Spinning" mode.
1	I probably would have kept it and used USB Overdrive, doing without the one button, IF the scroll wheel mode-shifting hadn't broken down after such a short time.
1	ATTENTION LOGITECH: A mouse with this ergonomic design, this scroll wheel with a rugged purely mechanical mode switch button, the thumb wheel, AND the button arrangement of the MX-1000 would be the ultimate mouse!
1	It would be nice if the button to turn it off didn't require sticking the USB receiver in it, because I never unplug that from the computer.
1	The smallest bump means you need to reset the connection by pressing a tiny button under the mouse with the corner of your fingernail.
1	However, after a month of use, the left mouse  button started randomly double-clicking  about 50% of the tim, which is a disaster if you are doing CAD/CAM or Photoshop.
1	The middle mouse button (wheel) is already failing to register clicks after only two days of use.
1	However, if you are looking for an ambidextrous mouse with back/forward button and a micro receiver there are few other alternatives.
1	It works well under linux but you have to map the extra button yourself which can be a pain for people not really familiar with LINUX.
1	A major pro of the mouse is button placement.
1	All of its button are well placed and easily reachable.
1	Newer Logitech mice that have a two-mode wheel, like my recently purchased G500, use a physical button instead.
1	A general problem with the mouse and Logitech's software is that some of the  button have a few weird bugs , such when the 'search' button is remapped to a key combination (I use Ctrl+W), you may find your keyboard thinking that the Ctrl key is constantly held down, until you press it on the keyboard.
1	The left and right click  button are loose  and make a 'pinging' noise when released.
1	There are back and forward button next to your thumb that allow you to navigate websites a bit faster but I rarely use those button.
1	I wrote this article because I have recently had  trouble with my left mouse button .
1	The button are well placed and responsive.
1	I'm especially fond of the way the thumb roller lets me go to the desktop and run through open pages via Vista, and the one touch button on the top taking me to my favorite search engine is good too.
1	I never figured-out how to hack Microsoft mice for the functions I needed on mouse button (escape), so I was looking-forward to programming the MX-R button for AutoCAD (which was easy, but created a huge per-application configuration MESS in their UI).
1	And the back button is nicely placed.
1	Clicking the wheel button down takes more effort than it should -- which is why this is not a great mouse for users of Maya and other 3D programs (you use the middle button A LOT in Maya!
1	We  need an on/off button to use when one does not use the optical wireless mouse.
1	Even the "clicker" button, makes the scroll wheel "feel" like previous mice did, was bad.
1	So, if you push straight down on the button, the mouse thinks you are either doing nothing, or trying to push the scroll wheel to the right to scroll right instead of middle click.
1	There's a little button behind the scroll wheel that is intended to enable you change the scroll speed from slow to fast.
1	With my normal-sized hands, as I hold the mouse the edge of that  obnoxious button  is constantly poking the under side of my index finger.
1	By comparison my much simpler Logitech wireless from a couple of years ago still works great and doesn't poke me with a  useless button .
1	And why for crying out loud do we need a separate button to control scrolling speed in the first place?
1	There is a dedicated button to switch between free and "clicky" scroll wheel.
1	Theres more to it than "comfy to hold" I'll also add that it has LESS button than my previous logitech mouse.
1	I was using an old bluetooth logitech mouse on my Mac and desperately wanted a new mouse w/ extra button.
1	My old one didn't have horizontal wheel scroll or back/forward button so hence I went mouse shopping.
1	I realized I couldn't use the extra two button on the side without installing the Microsoft Intellipoint software.
1	I was able to program the button to do what I wanted them to do, but I was disappointed I couldn't program the mouse wheel's "horizontal scroll" to act as button since the newer Logitech software can do that.
1	Now I can remove the software and maybe it'll be smooth like how I wanted it, but that defeats the purpose of getting a new mouse, because w/o the software the horizontal scroll wheel becomes very slow and I  lose the function of the other button .
1	Logitech also changed the location of the zoom button to underneath the back and forward button instead of in the center of them where it was hard to reach.
1	It fits nicely into your hand (as far as I know, there is no left handed option available), and button are right there where they need to be.
1	Som people may find all the extra button useful, I use them occasionally but most of the time I forget they're there.
1	It would be nice if the mouse had a small shutoff button.
1	The button feel is comfortable - you don't have to press too hard, which I've found to be a problem on some other mice.
1	Also, I do wish that there was a programmable button that I could use for double-clicking.
1	(The Microsoft Wireless Notebook Laser Mouse 6000 has a programmable button, but the main button did not have as nice a feel, and the side  button was difficult to use  due to its placement, so I returned it after only a few days).
1	Ergonomically the MS mouse is fine, and I like the discreet left & right button, much better that the Mighty Mouse.
1	Also, the scroll wheel  button is a bit stiff .
1	There are some  button that simply cannot be changed , despite what SetPoint might tell you (the one-click search button is a prime example), and others that can be reset, but not in a way that will actually work consistently.
1	It works reliably and has as many configurable button as I would ever want.
1	The connect  button was pressed many times  to try to get it to work with the receiver, which seems to be working as the light comes up when connected to usb port.
1	I don't care if you use the forward/back button as designed or with other keystroke assignments, the zoom button being underneath is utterly pointless.
1	grinding inside that made the mouse emit a terribly annoying chirping noise anytime the button (THE button, on a mouse at least) was clicked.
1	Never having used a no click scrolling button before I really had no idea I'd find it so difficult to use while scrolling through pictures.
1	---- I agree with almost everything said in the other positive reviews about the great ergonomics, the scroll wheel that you can toggle between hyperscrolling (very useful) and the more common measured/notched scrolling, the many useful features attached to the other button, the way you can use the mouse while the battery recharges, and the incredibly tiny receiver that works with other compatible devices.
1	The left button makes the same tinny click when you press down, but when you let go it makes a louder sound, almost like a knock on a door.
1	It has a slew of button which can easily be programmed or reprogrammed and the rubberized left and right side of the mouse keep your hands from slipping off.
1	It's large, fits in my hand well enough and comes with an on/off button, useful if I decide to take it with me when I travel.
1	This mouse is ok on the button/click feel side of things but the wheel is ultra sensitive and has no clicking detentes in it.
1	the button on the right and left side allow for easy movement between song, pages.
1	On a Mac (Snow Leopard) the left and right button and the scroll wheel work right out of the box.
1	But the configuration utility does not let you access all the button as far as I can tell, so to get full functionality you will need the Logitech bloatware (Logitech generally writes very inefficient and bulky driver software).
1	Despite the  small button issues , the mouse is easy to use and a worthy replacement for most corded and cordless mice.
1	The earlier MXs have slightly better ergonomics, more logical button placement and in the case of the 1100 more intuitive DPI controls.
1	They removed SmartShift from the scroll wheel and took the top button and replaced it with some mechanical shift mechanism.
1	It glides smoothly on the desk, the scroll wheel rotates smoothly, even the button feel smooth when you click them.
1	The back & forward button are fine.
1	When gaming, if I click too hard on the left button, I get kicked out of sites, menu's come up and other weird happenings occur.
1	For the price, I don't think a mouse should be reformatting your settings merely by applying too much pressure or by touching another button by mistake.
1	The previous Revolution mouse had a smart-switch, which has been replaced by a button to toggle between regular scrolling and low-friction hyperscrolling.
1	I can swing both ways on this, but the problem is that the toggle  button feels like a cheap piece of plastic .
1	The build quality of this mouse is great, EXCEPT for that toggle button.
1	As other users have mentioned, the forward  button is placed just a little too far  forward on the mouse, requiring a thumb extension to reach.
1	This mouse looks and feels good, except that the plastic toggle  button is very cheap .
1	The microswitch went bad on the left button and it's not serviceable.
1	I got this as a warranty replacement for my previous MX Revolution (double-click/false-click problem with the left button  which itself was purchased to replace my old MX 1000).
1	Pros: Accurate, works on most surfaces, comfortable, tiny receiver Cons: Horrible backward/forward button design, can't redefine mouse wheel left and right click The design of this mouse has highs and lows.
1	The main left and right button are very well designed, and go all the way to the front of the mouse (if you've had a mouse that doesn't, you'll know this makes it difficult to click when your fingers hang over the edge of the mouse a bit).
1	The only critical design flaw, one which Microsoft has built into other mice as well, are the forward and back button.
1	They put one button on identical locations on both sides of the mouse.
1	However, both types of people will find that when just moving the mouse around, you are always hitting the button on the off side where your ring and pinky fingers hang over the edge.
1	The ONLY button that can be set as Middle is the scroll wheel, which doesn't click as well as other wheels.
1	It can be depressed as a button, but isn't customizable.
1	Back and forward don't work like normal, some programs behave differently (or not at all) with the button used for it.
1	The search button can't be assigned to all the functions available to back, forward, and wheel tilt.
1	Small complaints:  I can configure my other Logitech mouse to execute a "Show Desktop" command on a non-essential button press.
1	This is a great mouse except for the fact that there is no middle mouse button.
1	Be aware of the middle mouse  button abscence .
1	However, the middle mouse  button is really not right .
1	Worse for my usage needs (gaming and graphic design programs), when clicking the middle button it's very easy to accidentally trigger the mouse wheel.
1	It sounds like some people have no problem with the middle wheel/button.
1	If the middle button & wheel weren't so important for my uses I'd be very happy.
1	"The problem is on the mini-PCB which is used to detect the left, right, and middle mouse button, as well as handle the scroll wheel.
1	The MX Revolution's mouse had a middle mouse button.
1	This one replaces it with a button that switches your scroll wheel to hyper scroll.
1	It does seem to have problems tracking on some surfaces, but the one thing that creates the biggest annoyance is when I run it in parallels on auto-CAD the scroll wheel is way too sensitive and I can't seem to change the settings once in windows (running parallels on macbook) The good thing is that all of the button help to navigate quickly.
1	This mouse has a total of 10 usable button (logitech claims 7), however, the flaw in logitechs set point 4.
1	0 software is that not all of the button are customizable.
1	This is a third party software add on that allows much more customization of the button.
1	There is a 'flip document' button/wheel on the side of the mouse.
1	The uber option firmware allows you to set 3 commands on it (forward/back/and click) Another lack of customization comes to setting the button to open certain files.
1	My one complaint against it would be the mouse wheel, which takes a bit more pressure than one would like to click down to perform third-mouse button functionality.
1	All left button go to double-click finally.
1	I can zoom one-handed w/o the Ctrl button.
1	It seemed a bit heavy at first but I got over that quickly and I'm unable to find the feature for the "ridge" feeling for the scroll button.
1	The main  button were flimsy  and felt like a $9 store brand mouse.
1	The left  button squeaked constantly , the right did not but required considerably more force to click.
1	The scroll wheel, the assortment of programmable button, the precision, and the overall feel are satisfactory.
1	However even if i move the mouse out of range for a second, and bring it back into range, i need to hit the reset button on the mouse and wireless adapter to get the mouse working again.
1	Side button: probably in the best place they can put them for a tiny mouse, but accidentlly clicked sometimes.
1	Used to have to hack together some stuff to get that to work with my old Logitech mouse (USB Overdrive software, bind control-left arrow to side button).
1	Ergonomics, accuracy is tops Left button broken after 10 months (one click acts like double click in 9 out of 10 cases).
1	this mouse is vary nice i like the grips on the side and the back and fowrd button on the side.
1	you can kiss the top 'Search' button off.
1	USB Overdrive will even allow you to map the tilt-scroll wheel as button so you will have more 'button' on the top.
1	Even SteerMouse's remapped button-commands do not stick and when a button is pushed it may or may not even be highlighted in SteerMouse's preference pane window.
1	Weight much less than the Microsoft Wireless Mouse 4000, and have 5 button, while that one have four.
1	It has both a forward & back button, a smooth scroll wheel and texturized sides for grip.
1	The only complain I have is that the side  button are not so easy to reach  by my thumb.
1	Pressing the thumbrest area activates a button that can be used with Expose, which is nice for window management.
1	Having a real right mouse button is a real treat!
1	Scroll wheel and button work fine, side-scrolling with wheel is a little awkward because you expect some sort of resistance feedback or click and there is none.
1	By default it uses a 1000 dpi setting I believe but you have to assign the DPI setting to a button (I use the wheel press) to set a secondary option (for me I have done OK with 700 dpi, not quite as sensitive to every slight movement).
1	Now, for the past couple of months, the left  button has started to act funny , and now, often when I click it, it performs a double-click.
1	The placement of the button on the side, which I use for forward/back on the internet, are placed too high and too far foward to be comfortable.
1	Actually, this was good, because it showed me just how customizable most of the button and settings are.
1	Just above it is a small button which, when pressed with a word or phrase highlighted, will initiate a seach based on that term.
1	There are also two button just above the thumb groove which I've used mainly to flip back and forward between web pages, but haven't set to do much else yet.
1	One, i can't get the cool "thumb" button to work in any games I have and two: this sucker sucks down the battery life.
1	There is a small button behind the scroll wheel which is uncomfortable when using the scroll wheel.
1	Then, you can highlight an area of text and simply click the top search button to look it up in your search engine.
1	It's got forward and backwards button right on it that make web surfing effortless.
1	it works very good and it's super responsive I really like this mouse but how everyone else said it falls a bit short due to not having a off button but other then that it seems like a sturdy mouse I hope it lasts me for a good while.
1	Many different button on the mouse and my favorite is the thumb button that instantly displays little windows of all your open applications.
1	I wish I could remember to use all the other zoom, forward/backward and other button on the mouse.
1	It is small, has five button, and is customizable.
1	It rattles everywhere: the battery cover, the left and right mouse clickers, and the scroll wheel push button.
1	Other than that, left button failure after 6 months (now requiring multiple clicks for applications, to open files, etc vs.
1	I have to say when I first got it I was very annoyed with it, there is this little button that sticks out right below the scroll wheel to toggle between smooth scrolling and contextual scrolling.
1	Additionally I thought I would like the shape of the mouse but apparently what I didn't realize is that I don't actually grasp my mouse, I kind of grab it with my fingers and move it around that way to prevent a complete arm move so my fingers don't really reach all the button on the mouse.
1	Tons of button make it perfect for gaming.
1	Nice 2 button (3 if you click the wheel) mouse.
1	My main complaint is that the  functionality of the side button are gone .
1	In theory I have them set the left side button set to "paste" and the right side button set to "undo".
1	You can't assign button/click combos, only specific clicks or combinations of button.
1	My VX Revolution has 8 programable button, tilt wheel, cordless laser, and fast scrolling.
1	I have followed the instructions for the first test, "swapping the functions of the left mouse button and the right mouse button".
1	I understand that the left mouse button of your Logitech VX Revolution is not working properly.
1	In regards to your issue, please try the following steps: You can isolate the issue by swapping the functions of the left mouse button and the right mouse button.
1	To swap the functions of the right and left mouse button, under Button configuration, select the Switch primary and secondary button check box.
1	I think the forward/backward button are a little too high.
1	On the VX there was just a spring loaded slide on the top left that you could push forward or backward to zoom in and out, now it is one button above the thumb that you hold and move the mouse scroll wheel to zoom.
1	It gives you more control but one less button to map which I miss.
1	The new button I like is the one under your thumb.
1	They got rid of the "one touch" search button on top of the mouse.
1	They replaced this with the toggle button to have the mouse wheel click or free spin.
1	(another mappable button gone).
1	On the older version of setpoint you could map any button you want.
1	With this mouse there are some button it simple will not let you map to application specific settings.
1	That really annoyed me but I found you can edit the xml file yourself to allow application specific functions for any button.
1	The main downsides are less mappable button compared to my old VX Revolution, and the setpoint software should give the user more control.
1	Minor complaint - during vigorous mouse usage (gaming) it is possible to accidentally hit the "zoom" or "application switcher" button.
1	I switched the zoom button to be a DPI changer for ease of switching between sniping/regular gameplay, sometimes when you're whipping around you can put it on low DPI which makes you turn slower, can be disorienting.
1	On the revolution, this was a CONFIGURABLE button (defaulted to open up windows search I think, I used it as middle click since I run Red Hat for work).
1	On THIS mouse, however, the button simply switches the "mode" of the scroll wheel from free-spin mode (very low friction, spins forever) to a more clicky mode, where the wheel stops quickly but only moves in discrete increments.
1	I only used free spin to get to the end of large documents before, but now the extra button click means its usually just faster to go click the side bar to scroll down.
1	I have to disable it to play anything that uses the scroll wheel as a secondary weapon swap button.
1	Rest all features are standard for high end mice like this which has multiple configurable button.
1	But I am annoyed at Microsoft's complacence and bad design - their "ergonomic" mouse's scroll wheel was so hard to press, it was hard to use as a middle button and caused more strain than a normal mouse.
1	Good selection of button and knobs that are well laid out.
1	I realize that a lot of his  issues with button mapping  are software related, and I have those as well, but would like to add that the tracking (or lack thereof) is hardware related as there are a lot of people on the logitech boards on Windows boxes who are having identical issues to mine.
1	It had lots of features but it was a pain to configure, didn't have the options I wanted and came unconfigured at some point, so I only really use 5 of the button.
1	* Back and forward button are double clicking for some reason.
1	The extra button are cool and helpful after getting used to using them (though my wife gets annoyed by them as she hits them accidentally).
1	My favorite is the little search button that lets you highlight text to be searched and then access your favorite search engine automatically.
1	I also like the thumb button which allow you to switch back and forth amongst windows and applications, although I have found these to be a bit less intuitive, thereby taking a little longer to get the hang of.
1	The basic ability for a critical button to even function correctly is not a factor that should come into play at this level.
1	this is because the wheel itself does not scroll, instead there is like a rubber piece that rotates around an unmoving round middle button.
1	It beats other PC mice hands-down, and Apple mice aren't worth it because they refuse to offer more than one button.
1	The functionality of the three button is smooth and easy.
1	My last mouse, cordless laser also but fairly cheap, has fantastic software that lets you assign just about anything you want to not only the button/wheels, but also to combinations of button.
1	The Setpoint gives some very basic choices for reassignment, but for some totally unknown reason won't let you define a third (center) mouse button, which I use constantly.
1	Personally, I am not much of a scroller so the absence of clicks bothers me not at all, and I also don't use the far right and left side button either, which is a good thing because I think those are inconveniently placed.
1	The only reason it didn't get a 5 is because the full-size brother that I use on my desktop has two button on the side that cause my browser to go forward or backwards - I VERY nice feature when surfing.
1	Oh, I must also say, my first MX had really  'loose' left and right click button  - got it replaced and this one's fine.
1	but the left  button on the mouse started to become unresponsive .
1	Resets to defaults often,  button not as programmable  as they should be, interferes with SnagIt software.
1	I love logitech mice, love the Darkfield Technology, though too little click resistance with this mouse right clicker, your finger has to rest above the mouse, if it even barely touches the right click then it clicks (this should be adjustable) - also the forward and backward  button are a bit to far forward .
1	The asssigned  button is cheap  and malposition.
1	the bad 1) i could use more button if there where available.
1	A quick run through: * Runs on a single aa battery - a nice touch * Has 4  button - two are awkwardly designed  * Boasts the trademarked MS BlueTrack technology - and it actually works!
1	The ergonomic design leaves allot to be desired, indeed it is a laptop mouse and as such you can expect for some concessions when it goes to ergonomics, but it having an analog mouse wheel is simply annoying, and don't get me started on those puny extra button on the sides of the mouse that will not let you click them without lifting your hand of the mouse.
1	The new fancy scrollwheel cannot be used as a regular button - wheel click is hardwired to change the scroll mode.
1	If, like many people, you're a user of software which makes use of the middle button (like Firefox) then forget it.
1	In short, this mouse works with no perceptible lag, is constructed well and has enough button/features to satisfy the average user looking for something beyond a basic wireless mouse.
1	This could have been negated had Logitech elected to use a cable like that found on their G700 mouse wherein the micro USB connector is encased in a larger than normal chunk of plastic that is keyed to fit into a guide on the front of the mouse Pros/cons relative to the MX Revolution: + Subjectively, I prefer the matte silver accents on the Performance MX to the piano black of the MX Revolution + No charging contacts to wear out + Doesn't require dedicated/specific charging base + Receiver is much smaller, approximately 20% as long (~7mm vs ~38mm) as that for the MX Revolution - The MX Revolution could be configured to switch from regular to freewheel scrolling based on the speed the user is scrolling at, the Performance MX can only be switched via a physical button located below/behind the scroll wheel - this is also less functional in that the button used to switch scroll modes on the Performance MX cannot be used/remapped for any other purpose as can the button that occupies the same place on the MX Revolution.
1	In place of the thumb wheel/button there is a button located in the portion of the mouse where the user's thumb rests on the left side of the Performance MX.
1	While this button is useful in its own right, the thumb wheel/button is one of the MX Revolution's best features.
1	There is also a Zoom button located directly below the back/forward button on the side of the Performance MX but it isn't very prominent and is too close to the back/forward button in my opinion.
1	- The placement of the back/foward button on the Performance MX is slightly higher and closer to the fingers relative to the MX Revolution.
1	For me at least, this requires more movement to reach the forward button with my thumb on the Performance MX.
1	I been using the corded mouse the computer came with, and I've had enough of me accidently hitting its super  sensitive side button .
1	The mouse doesn't change to fast-scroll mode on the fly, but is instead activated by a mechanical button press.
1	Couple this with moving the thumb back button further out on the device, and you get a mouse that is solid, and has great tracking, but very, very poor usability.
1	To me, the forward and back button on either side were right under my fingers  but not comfortable to use.
1	I found it rather awkward and the  button have become useless to me .
1	I did not like the scroll control button and the limited assignments options for programing the button, but I figured I would get use to it so I resolved to adjust to the new mouse and enjoy the best of it.
1	button configuration - the three side  button can be easily pressed accidentally  and are very close together, making it hard to distinguish between them.
1	I owned two Revolution MX in the past, left button on both did not last long but they did last at least a year.
1	For example, when I press and hold down left button on the top of window, it induce double click and maximize the window for me.
1	If you do a search on Google with "logitech left mouse  button problem drag ", you will find a lot of people are having similar issue with different models of Logitech mouse for since year 2009.
1	The middle-click button will work if you give it a conscious effort every time you use it, but it requires you to press extra hard.
1	I am not much for thumb wheels and button.
1	But, since I could program that button to be non-operative during specific programs, I'm not too bothered about that.
1	The only minor complaint that I have is that rolling the scroll button up makes a clicking sound.
1	Also, the back and forward button do not sit under where my fingers naturally fall, so I would have to readjust a little any time I wanted to use them.
1	The 510 has a shape similar to my old Intellimouse, with a nice curved area for my thumb, and the back forward button are right where they should be, both on the left side, right under where my thumb rests.
1	Reset only lasts a short time (push the button on the bottom of the receiver and then the button on the bottom of the mouse).
1	Left and right button clicks siliently 4.
1	The scroll  button is worse  than Logitech's.
1	Unfortunately in the Performance MX they've chosen to use a mechanical button to switch modes, and after pressing it once it just has that cheapo feeling like it's going to be breaking soon.
1	I purchased this item in September 06 and the right button has just given out (Feb.
1	7 button 4 thumb button witth the standard 3 on top Cons: when using the middle button to click on links to open in a new window, the mouse wants to scroll the window up or down causing you to miss your click.
1	Pros: -High build quality -Lots of button -Spin wheel -precision sensor -fits hand well -usb/ac cable charge option = versatility -uses nimh batteries easily replaced -small usb reciever Cons: -thumb button are too high up on the mouse and require a reach -no dock -tilt button have no tactile feedback -no holder for usb reciever on mouse -cable bag doesn't have enough space for mouse as well -no auto profile switching as with g9 -zoom button right below forward and back thumb button, forward back are more important than zoom, but zoom gets in the way, you are likely to press it by accident, poor design choice.
1	So for office work this is a good mouse, for fast paced action games where you need more easy to reach button, not so much.
1	The main issue with this mouse for gaming are the thumb button which require you to loosen your grip and reach to hit them, and that is bad during a game and not even all that convenient during desktop use.
1	Thumb button should require nothing more than a smidgen of a movement to hit, and the only ones you can do that with are the zoom button which is above your thumb on an overhanging ledge, meaning when you squeeze it, you lift the mouse a bit, not what you want in any gaming situation.
1	The bottom thumb button while a nice touch if it were in addition to the forward back thumb  button is also awkward  to hit.
1	Second the left mouse  button is loose  so that its constantly making little noises as I rest my finger on it.
1	Logitech replaced the automatic free-style spin with a cheap cheesy plastic "locking" button that you have to push in order to free-spin or scroll normally.
1	I think a flatter button would be more comfortable.
1	I am disappointed overall with the mouse because i was hoping the task flip wheel / button whatever would speed up my production.
1	I can program the button to do different things such as using the scroll wheel tilt feature to toggle my osnaps.
1	The problem is that it takes a great deal of effort to tilt the wheel, usually ending up in hitting the left or right mouse button and bringing up an unwanted command.
1	The zoom button is located to close to the back or forward button so it is to easy to think you are selecting one button only to be selecting another.
1	I have also had to insert a piece of folded paper under the right click  button because it was so sensitive .
1	The  button work sort of , but you can't see a pointer anywhere so the mouse is useless.
1	I've replaced the batteries with several kinds of brand new alkalines, I've pressed the ridiculously tiny little white button over and over again, and I've downloaded and installed and uninstalled and reinstalled until my head ached, and that was before the hangover it drove me to.
1	Built very solid and reacts beautifully--accurate motion and button just feel good.
1	Short review : GREAT mouse, this should be the only mouse anyone should ever have to own, it's comfortable and I use the customizable side button for my volume.
1	First, the back/forward button are set rather higher up on the side of the mouse than I expected, which requires a short period of adjustment.
1	A simple turn off button could have been nicer, or maybe a sleep mode that turned itself off with non use?
1	I resolved this by assigning the thumb button to do work as the middle click.
1	Set up is very easy, and it worked right away, unlike the previous mouse where I had to press the connect button at least 10 times for it to start working.
1	My complaints are mainly about the button; this mouse has a lot of them (seven plus the wheel) and they're not all convenient to press when you want, or to not press when you don't.
1	In particular, the "zoom" button is placed too close to the forward/back button, so it's easy to mistakenly press that one.
1	The forward/back  button are sort of a stretch to reach  with my thumb too, so their not particularly convenient.
1	The thumb button on the base of the unit is my favorite though, since it's perfectly placed and stiff enough not to press accidentally but easy to press when needed.
1	The scroll wheel is nice, and there's a button to switch from "ratcheted" to "smooth" depending on your preference.
1	The software that controls this mouse is robust, allowing the button to be reprogrammed easily, though it is somewhat limited since it is not capable of doing some macro functions (using the Windows Start button, for instance).
1	It also supports application specific programming, so the thumb button can do one thing when in Excel or do something completely different in Excel (or any other application).
1	I like it over all, but there is a feature the slightly more expensive Microsoft mobile mouse(3500) has that this doesn't: the back button.
1	- Small & light - Works on most surfaces - USB connector is tiny - Left and Right mouse button give pretty good tactile feedback.
1	When using the back/forth button to move between pages, I have to hit the button several times to get the pages to go back and forth - kind of defeats the purpose of having button instead of using the back/forth button in IE.
1	7) several other button intended to be activated by your thumb are also terribly placed, they are always under your thumb.
1	The only problem I have with it is that when I press the center button and move the mouse in The Sims 3, the camera angle doesn't change like it does with my old mouse, which can be quite annoying.
1	So is the ability to push the scroll wheel button left and right to pan a web window left and right, if the window isn't open wide enough.
1	As an architect, i use the middle button more than 50% of the day to navigate around my CAD models.
1	-Firstly the middle  button doesn't 'click' , there seems to be an issue within the housing of the scroll wheel and the push sensor.
1	The 'click' stutters, so you think you are holding down the middle button, , and you're pressing real hard, because you know this is an issue, but as you start to rotate your model, its releases just for a millisecond, enough to send your model somewhere out of view.
1	it's so close to the left button (you can even see this in the logitech picture) that you have to hold the mouse with your other hand, lift your right finger off and carefully push hoping your finger can get a hold.
1	and even then you usually end up  inadvertently clicking the left or middle button  as well.
1	The first one squeaked when I pushed the right mouse button and clicked loudly like one of those cricket clickers kids had when I was young.
1	The wheel on the 2nd one worked intermittently when rolled and also when clicked as a button, and the wheel on the 3rd one only worked as a middle button if I tilted it a little to the right (not too much though) before pushing on it.
1	On the older MX 1100 mouse the forward and back button on the left side of the mouse are perfectly placed, exactly where my thumb goes when I reach for them.
1	On the new Performance MX mouse a zoom button has been added where my thumb naturally goes, and the forward and back button moved above the zoom button where they are quite inconvenient to find and use.
1	I don't know any mouse users that zoom more frequently than they use the forward and back button when web browsing, but that is apparently Logitech's design philosophy on this mouse.
1	Personally, I used Setpoint to change the zoom button on the new Performance MX to a back button which makes it much more useful.
1	The size is nice for me and the button and the scroll wheel has a good feel.
1	The back and foward button on the mouse's sides are tiny and not situated in a natural position.
1	As i tend to have a lot of programs running at any given time, the thumb button that pulls a view of all open programs to choose from is a Godsend.
1	I like the scroll wheel with the separate button to allow quick scroll much better than the automatic approach used on the Revolution.
1	This mouse is great: wonderful battery life, good (quiet and easy) click/scroll and lots of button, but it has a huge problem.
1	Also, this mouse, using the micro unifying reciever does not have any sync button underneath it.
1	There is also a button on the thumb rest which is very easy to press as almost the entire surface down there, covered with perforated rubber, is clickable.
1	There's no lights on this mouse during normal usages, possibly to save battery life, but if you set one of the button to switch dpi (mouse sensitivity), the 3 lights blink briefly, with either the top 2 or bottom 2 lighting to indicate which mode you're in, then turns off.
1	The left and right mouse button deliver a crisp click, and all other button are just fine, my only mention is off the left and right 'scroll' button which are simply to lean the mouse wheel to either side.
1	Software: I would have liked to be able to set the DPI for the mouse in the main menu than having to assign a button to change the DPI, because I like to have it set to the maximum.
1	So: all button assignable, great scroll wheel (although sometimes the fast scroll is.
1	First, the frequent creaks and  squeaks emanating from the top button  area whenever you click.
1	The second issue is the middle  button is a little harder to press  than expected.
1	Still wish the middle button (scroll wheel) had better haptics, but this mouse is otherwise a great bet, along with any other "darkfield" models.
1	What I like: + the button are very very configurable.
1	+ all the button and wheel are easy to access (large hands) What I don't like - the free wheel option becomes sticky (I mean it does not roll so freely) after a few months.
1	Breaking it in and getting used to using the features and button is a learning curve on any mouse or peripheral, this one seems to be a very easy one.
1	The 4000 feels a lot more sturdy, but it's too hard to use the scroll wheel button so I never use the 4000.
1	I have to press the "connect" button on both the mouse and the USB receiver, which isn't an easy feat.
1	I happen to have a disability (spinal cord injury) where my hands don't work as well as I'd like but with this mouse and all of the ways you can customize its button makes it a breeze for me to use.
1	Both of these mice have Both Forward and Backward button which are essential for Internet surfing.
1	I have to give the point to Logitech, however, for better placement of the button.
1	The left button is just above where most people would place their thumb which makes it less easy to press.
1	It took a day or two to get used to the feel and the high placement of the side button, but I'm fine with it.
1	And the app switcher on the bottom thumb button is gold!
1	The battery cover and release button seem a bit weak, but I never had a problem with it though so I'd say it's negligible.
1	Would love a 4th back button!
1	I previously owned a MX620 and that had the button positioned great, they were very easy to use.
1	If you just use the left&right clicks and the scroll then it should be fine, but I regularly use the other button while browsing the internet (redefined them with SetPoint) and you have to bend your thumb too far up into an  unnatural way to press the button ; my hand hurts only after a few days of use.
1	And the  button are not even easy to press , you have to apply quite a lot of force, which makes it worse.
1	Also, I found I  cannot press the middle button  (the scroll) without moving the scroll a little bit, which makes it useless - middle click on a link to open it in a new window becomes impossible, because the page scrolls while you press it.
1	The button are fine, but the palm rest is either not big enough or tapers off too quickly.
1	Secondly, in Firefox, the "back button" injects special character into dialog boxes if there is no page to go back to.
1	Fifth, if you're like me, and have a desk with a keyboard tray that is not big enough for a full sized keyboard (with numpad) and a mouse side-by-side, and have to place the mouse in front of the keyboard, you'll hate the wrap-around mouse button.
1	It would be nice if the button were protected by a front bezel.
1	I'd put up with the rest, because this mouse is feature rich with assignable button, and very good accuracy.
1	They added 2 button to the thumb area and the lower one is poorly place.
1	First off the software that come with this mouse enhance the convenience of this mouse by letting you set the function of the button to do different jobs base on the program you current have open, for example, a single button my have different function in microsoft word than it does in media player.
1	Other button are customizable.
1	It tracks well and button are nice.
1	I saw that one reviewer said there is no available software to program the button and that is true if you are looking for extra features, but Windows and Mac have the capacity to swith the button for left-hand users.
1	In addition, there is a small button for zoom below forward/back that I keep hitting.
1	The scroll wheel has a button to either set in precision or free wheel mode, mine came from factory in free wheel.
1	- the well-placed ambidextrous side button (even my lefty-specific mouse has more awkward button).
1	and there is an  odd button  just behind the top scroll wheel that is driving me crazy - poor design on that.
1	The addition button, quick scroll, zoom are excellent features.
1	The only complaint I have is that the wheel side scroll  button are very hard to use  when compared with my old MX1000 Logitech mouse.
1	The MX1000's side scroll button are very positive feeling and the scroll wheel protruded more from the top of the mouse so using the side scroll function just worked.
1	The dark laser performance is awesome, the button feel is very good, the contour of the mouse feels good in my hand.
1	Really useful button, with nothing in a place that I'm likely to press by accident.
1	It's nice to have separate right and left button since the Apple Mighty Mouse always feels like you're not quite sure which side of the mouse you are really clicking with.
1	Having a lot of button would be great if they worked.
1	the only down side i think i found was the scroll  button is rougher to press  than my last, but is far easier to actually scroll.
1	Too many  button which seem to get engaged too easily  (she completely dismissed the 'Document Flip' function and the whole concept of the side button after two inadvertant engagements of it).
1	My only complaint is that it does not have any programmable button that you can use for functions like "back" in your browser - if it had that it would be perfect for my purposes.
1	-Chrome accents -A pretty blue light -An independent ON/OFF button that "clicks" rather than can accidentally be pushed.
1	Logitech made the on/off button push - which is annoying when travelling, because you accidentally hit it on all the time, thus wasting batter life.
1	MS placed the front/back button in sort of an awkward spot for people with big hands.
1	Logitech got around this issue by making the front/back button next to the left click.
1	People argue that they accidentally tap the back button instead of left click, but this has never been an issue for me and I have big hands.
1	I find it easier to use the front/back button on the logitech.
1	The forward, back, and zoom  button are a little awkward  to operate.
1	When navigating in 3D, you need the middle mouse button a lot.
1	This middle mouse  button is a huge flaw .
1	I found myself trying to press the scroll wheel and accidentally pressing the left button in addition or instead of middle button because of the extremely awkward angle.
1	I could of course remap one of the other 4 button to be a middle click, but it still is very disappointing that such an expensive top of the line mouse would have such a major design flaw.
1	It is a very nice mouse that performs well, very responsive and the 5 button feature is nice.
1	The only thing I don't like about it is the page-scrolling button.
1	Also, for me personally, the  button are not in as good a place  for my hands as the Rev or MX 400 (though there are 10 of them!
1	I especially like to use one of the left button for paste, & none are quite in the right place for my hand, + I have a tendency to hit 2 of the button on the left accidentally.
1	It's uncomfortable & I often push the lower left button by accident.
1	Really useful button, with nothing in a place that I'm likely to press by accident.
1	Only complaint is that the middle mouse  button is hard to click  and to click and drag.
1	Slightly larger than other Logitech mice I've used in past, getting comfortable with hand position has taken a while but the accuracy and function of button and wheel is superb.
1	The button are well-placed and the scroll wheel action is smooth.
1	Finally, it would be nice to be able to touch some button on the mouse and see the battery level indicators light up on demand because they only display the battery level status when switching the mouse on Overall, a very nice quality desktop mouse that works on any surface.
1	Also, the scroll wheel had a feature that wasn't obvious to me at first when I looked at the product online: there is a small button next to the scroll wheel which switches between normal scrolling found in other mice (where you hear a grinding noise as you scroll) and a smooth super-fast scrolling (with this, if you spin the scroll wheel fast, it just keeps scrolling freely on its own for a good couple of seconds before it stops!
1	You can either have a button that switches, or you can actually configure a threshold where, if you spin the wheel hard enough, the mouse will actually switch all on it's own.
1	I use this because it really feels much nicer than having to hit the button all the time.
1	It can only be toggled between click-click mode and free mode using the button just below the scroll wheel.
1	So you have to resort to predicting that you are going to want the free-spin mode, hit the button, flick the wheel, then hit the button again to go back to click-click.
1	Issue #2: The middle  button doesn't really work to well , which has actually been a problem with a number of Logitech mice that I have used (and there have been many).
1	The stealth button is pretty cool.
1	After two years intensive service, my MX Performance has begun to develop issues with the left button clicking multiple times on a single click.
1	The forward and back  button are not as accessible  as my previous logitech as you have to bring your thumb up across the lip but overall i really like it.
1	This review is not concerned with button (or whistles), but rather the ease of use, feel in the hand while working, and the degree of sensitivity of the vertical scroll wheel.
1	I prefer the older left and right click button of the older Revolution twins.
1	My biggest gripes are related to the button placement and SetPoint software, however.
1	The current thumb-button placement (for page forward and back functions) feels too high and sticks too far out--the zoom button is in a more usable location and could theoretically be set to another function.
1	That pervious mouse last a good 3+ years under heavy usage before one of the mouse  button became an issue .
1	Overall pretty happy, but with two peeves: 1) The mouse is designed for your hand to sit far up on the mouse, but the side button are way back.
1	Had they simply put the side button further up (there appears to be plenty of real estate) this problem would have been avoided.
1	I didn't like the feel of the middle mouse button, always seemed loose(Maybe cause it never worked right).
1	I find all the button and track wheel placement just fine, unlike some of the other commenters.
1	The "back" button on the left (I'm right handed) is right under my thumb.
1	I find that it's not quite as comfortable in my claw-style mouse grip, and more annoyingly, the back button is no longer where my thumb sits, so I frequently press the application-selector button instead.
1	) Cons: Doesn't automatically shut off Sometimes has a hard time connecting to the receiver, and doesn't have a reset or connect button like many other wireless mice do.
1	The construction is great, ergonomics are fantastic, button placement is also great.
1	The back and forward  button is a bit high  for the thumb in my opinion.
1	I have other Logitech mouse and the placement of those button were perfect.
1	The positions of the side button and side wheel are just about perfect.
1	I constantly have to stop and correct myself or I start hitting other button.
1	(the mouse will work fine without downloading anything as long as you don't want to change what the button) I set mine up to open the flip 3d feature of Windows 7 with the press of the scroll button (this really helps me with productivity).
1	The mouse does what it says on the box:  it's extremely comfortable, the additional button aid in productivity and the wheel's free-flowing option makes scrolling through docs and websites much easier.
1	This scroll wheel, as in most (if not all) cases, is also a middle-click button.
1	I mainly got this product because it is rechargeable and it has a few extra programmable button.
1	Programming the button is a great asset here.
1	I noticed one problem within SetPoint Settings: I had considerable trouble programming the extra button for use in a video game (e.
1	] Essentially, one needs to set the function for that button to be "Generic Button" so that the video game will recognize the extra button, giving the user the capability of setting a command for it within the options of the game itself.
1	Furthermore, one can set application-specific button settings under the Advanced Settings.
1	This sounds like a really cool idea; however, I tried using this for a video game, and it would not let me put the "Generic Button" function for button 4 and 5.
1	Im glad I did, its a good mouse, my only complaint is that they put this new Zoom button right where I used to click Back/Forward on my older MX Revo.
1	and to hit the Back/Forward button on this new one I have to almost let go of the mouse to hit them.
1	what I did was re-map the Zoom button to act as the Back button, it makes it feel just like using the old MX Back feature.
1	Lots of button, second wheel is amazingly useful.
1	If you have small hands, the back/forward  button may be a little uncomfortable  to reach, but again, that's probably not a big deal.
1	Plus, the utility to connect the mouse to the new receiver is for Windows only, but it only popped up instructions on how to do it, and didn't seem to actually do anything else, so for those of you non-Windows fellas, this is what you do: While holding down the left mouse button, turn the mouse over, turn the mouse off and then on again, and, while still holding the left button down, right click five times.
1	The right mouse click  button loses it's one click functionality  soon.
1	Pros: 1) awesome scroll wheel for lightning fast scrolling for long documents and the ability to stop on a dime when needed 2) rechargeable battery + battery gauge 3) super smooth teflon feet 4) configurable button and jog wheel 5) fairly accurate compared to an optical mouse 6) solid build quality of the housing 7) weight well, not too heavy, not too light Cons: 1) inconsistent travel for the button, sometimes the  button stick  2) battery life could be better 3) logitech's software was horrendous (osx and windows) 4) choppy performance when there are other devices in the 2.
1	Forgo that and find yourself some free button management program out there.
1	My last gripe is the button.
1	 None of the button have a tactile feel  to it, some have different stroke and travel, while others just feel like they want to stick.
1	The button appear to have come from cheaper MX mice.
1	The  back and forward  button are placed kinda weird  in a way that I am not used to.
1	The only things I wish was that; 1) The button to pop out the receiver was bigger, and 2) The mouse would turn off automatically when the receiver was placed into the mouse slot.
1	I also encounter some  problems with clicking the middle button .
1	The middle  button is very strange , I can click it and it won't do anything sometimes.
1	I have found I have to click the middle button slightly to the right at the perfect angle on the part of the wheel that's closest to me emerging from inside of the mouse, in order for it to even register a click.
1	the only good thing about this is that there is a switch button to turn on and off under the mouse!
1	Don't buy it if you are a Mac User, if you define your own keystrokes for button, they do not work correctly.
1	The only problem I have with it is the left button clicks 2 times once in a while.
1	The only good thing about this mouse I found is the good design, nice button design.
1	The  button are not very smooth  when clicking, the scroll has no "clicking" while scrolling, it's just a smooth motion.
1	This is actually not a great feature for me, as I like to use the middle button to open new tabs and about 90% of the time the button will slip and I will misdirect my click.
1	Honestly, the middle mouse  button annoys me , a lot.
1	) UPDATE 11/5/2011 After using this little mouse for a few months, I have to say that the middle mouse  button still bothers me .
1	I am taking a star away because this scroll  button is becoming impossible to use  without annoying the crap out of me!
1	(If I had paid for it) If you use your middle mouse button for clicking links for new tabs, don't bother buying this mouse.
1	I'm left with an expensive wireless two button mouse.
1	) Here might be some reasons why the 3000 fits better to me: - The front (button) half and the rear (supposedly palm rest) half of the 3000's top surfaces slope at a greater degree than the V450's.
1	- The tallest point of the 3000 probably is shorter than the V450's, but is situated more towards the button than the V450.
1	- The 3000 appears oh-so-slightly taller than the V450 along the front edge, above the button.
1	Strangely still, the V450 is the longer mouse, with a taller 'peak' and a longer button surfaces.
1	The only problem (and hence the 4 stars for not being perfect) is that the third button, the scroll button, is too sensitive.
1	It may be my rough touch, but occasionally when I scroll, it decides to use the scroll button as the third button and use the "super scroll" (I do not know what it is called, but you probably know).
1	I am not one to use extra button, but people may find them useful.
1	Using this application to customize the  button on the mouse was a little frustrating .
1	Some features didn't "take" when I changed the functions of the button from their native functions, a problem I've never had on previous Logitech devices.
1	One of the button is set up to do an automatic search when you highlight a word and click it.
1	The document flip thumb button on the left side is awkward to use.
1	The weighted "flywheel" scroll wheel is THE feature here - I don't like a lot of configurable button, but the scroll wheel is so excellent, it's easy to ignore some of those extra button.
1	It's much harder to rapid fire with your pointer finger on the left button to fire in games.
1	The only reason I am giving it a 4 star instead of a 5 is because it does not have a power button and I am worried it's going to drain the battery when I am not using it.
1	The Rev is nice but I miss the up/down button that were on the MX100 just above and below the wheel -- I wish the Rev had those button.
1	I realize the new scroll wheel is supposed to obviate the need for the up/down button, but so far I have my doubts.
1	--No second scroll wheel --Using middle click on the top scroll wheel, the  button barely registers  and you have to click about 5x to actually get the middle click function to work.
1	--The button to activate/de-activate hyperscrolling is cheaply made, loud, and really not convenient for quickly switching between scrolling modes.
1	If you install the intellipoint software that come up with this mouse, the wheel button click will show you all the applications in large tiles and you can select the one you want, thats very helpful for me.
1	It has the normal left and right button, a scroll wheel which also clicks like a button, and it scrolls left and right for spreadsheet use.
1	It has side button, and even though it's a small mouse (and the side  button are very small ) I don't find them hard to click.
1	as well, i'd say the whole design of the scroll wheel  button is worse  than previous logitech mice i've had (i've had all the recent top end mice).
1	this doesn't explain why the  button doesn't actually work  (all the other ones do), but it is a design flaw in my opinion.
1	Surprisingly good design of the shell has not translated into good button ergonomics.
1	The extra button are there but side button require letting go of the mouse and oftentimes both depress at the same time (since they are exactly opposite of each-other).
1	Middle  button is hard to press  so are the pan-left pan-right button.
1	Even though they are hard to press they are not as dysfunctional as the two side button.
1	To summarize, if one does not need the extra button than the mouse is a bargain.
1	It works great, the only reason why I did not gave it a five starts is because it does not have a forward and backward button in it.
1	With that said, I will go through the Pros and Cons; Pros ~Sexy, sleek, and comfortable ~A wide range of button ~All button can be assigned custom functions (While playing a PC Game, I have 'forward' and 'back' button to adjust volume) ~Charge on the go allows for 0 downtime ~On-the-fly smooth or clicky scroll button ~Can literally be used on ANY surface including glass!
1	Cons ~The forward and back button on the left side are SLIGHTLY too far up, so you may have to stretch a wee bit to reach them when holding the mouse in its natural position Overall, this product is amazing!
1	Summary: Small and  awkwardly placed shoulder button, combine with a small chassis and stiff middle click amount to more frustration than enjoyment when using this mouse.
1	The shoulder button, often used for navigation on a browser, are small, and awkwardly placed, for my  hand, I actually have to adjust my hand position to engage the left button with my thumb, the right button is reasonably placed and can be relatively easily tapped with my finger.
1	Comparatively, my old IntelliMouse had large and long button that are compatible with a wide range of hand physiology.
1	The middle scroll wheel: The wheel features smooth scrolling, which is nice; however it is also mounted with a ridiculously  stiff button mechanism .
1	When using the button to middle-click links, (for example to open in a new tab) often times you will scroll, then click, thus potentially executing the click off of the link.
1	Secondly, when attempting to execute a click on say, a browser tab, or otherwise utilize the middle click feature, the action of the  button is often ignored , meaning, you will click to close a browser tab, and nothing happens.
1	Only with precise and direct force can the button be used to any degree of effectiveness.
1	It's too small for average-large hands, the microscopic shoulder button are awkwardly placed, and the middle mouse  button is much too stiff  for all practical applications.
1	The people at Logitech who wrote the drivers, for some unfathomable reason, still wish to force the user to use certain mouse button in certain ways.
1	The list of commands you can program for this button is much more limited than say the other button off to the side of the mouse.
1	This top button had 6 main choices and an Others list of 17.
1	While the side button had 7 main choices and an Others list of 35!
1	I really hope Logitech's programmers remedy this, as once you see a cool button feature it's really a let down to find you can't move it to some other button when you need to.
1	It is configurable so the first thing that went away was the odd "search" button just south of the scroll wheel.
1	Now I can see this mouse being minimally acceptable for users just surfing the web or general home use where big button and easy to hit links help make up for grossly inaccurate pointer movement.
1	I can imagine, that the forward and backward button on the side are not on the perfect position for everybody (like i read in some reviews), but with an average sized hand shouldn't be a problem.
1	button: I don't know what the default prefernces are for the zoom button and the button below the thumb, and I was to lazy till now to find out where/how i can change the settings, but i know it is possible somehow.
1	I like the fast move button for the mouse weel very much.
1	It would not allow me to set the right button to double-click, which I had always done with my previous Microsoft mouse.
1	I don't find the button as convenient and a button near the bottom left kept constantly getting tapped so I had to turn it off.
1	It also doesn't have as many button but enough for my needs.
1	The software also lets you customize button to do specific actions based on the program running.
1	Reasons I bought this mouse: 1) Wireless 2) Rechargeable battery 3) No charging station (charges via USB) 4) Logitech I used to have a Logitech MX Laser mouse, but the left button switch went bad and started double-clicking when I wanted to single-click.
1	The button are well-placed and have a good tactile feel.
1	In addition, it doesn't get interpreted in the mac as a back button, it tries to use the menu like a macro or something which causes strange behavior if you are in a form field.
1	2) In the past I've had a mouse with the "forward" button on the right side (of a right handed mouse) - I liked that.
1	This mouse has the forward and back button on the left, in a spot that makes your thumb hate you if you attempt to use more than once an hour.
1	First because its too hard to distinguish which is forward and which is back, and second because you have to contort your thumb to get to the button, and interrupt your work flow to either glance down at the mouse, or just press the button awkwardly until you hit the one you want.
1	The middle mouse  button is badly designed .
1	- recognized instantly in Windows XP on multiple machines, also recognizes instantly in Kubuntu Jaunty Jackalope  - Two side button are well Placed and preset to function as forward and back button while using internet browsers (nice feature, and this is without installing the software)  - Looks sleek, great rubberized grips on the side.
1	Because I used it to control my volume; in it's place is a button that is used for zoom (I changed it to mute) and this button is so close to the back/forward button that I sometimes press it by accident when I intend to press back.
1	They also added another button which is integrated into the thumb rest for window scrolling (I changed to search Google) which is pretty cool.
1	Pros -Solid build -Smaller, Unifying receiver -Battery is now user replaceable -Have not experienced any lag yet -No more recharge dock, now uses a usb cable with a separate wall charger Cons -Zoom button is kind of close and too similar to the back/forward button, Sometimes I press it by accident when I try to press back -They got rid of my side wheel!
1	Looks and button are great but that's where it stops.
1	The back & forward button are a bit high, so I dont use them.
1	The number of button on this thing make it great for gaming, especially if you download Uber Options.
1	The button are much easier to press.
1	In fact, I'd say the button are too easy to press because I kept accidentally pressing one of the button while sliding the mouse around.
1	The MX Revolution has an electronic scroll wheel can be pressed or scrolled quickly to toggle between smooth scrolling and click scrolling and has a programmable button just behind the scroll wheel.
1	The Performance MX has a cheaper mechanical scroll wheel and the programmable button on the MX Revolution is now the smooth scroll/click scroll switch.
1	The forward/back button have been moved forward on the Performance MX so the forward button is difficult to reach.
1	I have to literally lift my hand an inch or so off the mouse and move my palm forward to reach the forward button on the Performance MX whereas I can lift my thumb and it's right on top of the forward button on the Revolution MX.
1	Has 4 great button to key bind.
1	If you game you can count on 4 greatly functional mouse button to key bind things ( I am counting left and right click as 2, then 2 by your thumb.
1	Has all the usual features you'd expect from a mouse like this; configurable button, zoom capability, fast scroll, page forward/back for websites, and a nifty button to navigate through all the various programs/windows you have open.
1	The mouse has a nice feel to it, but it is a bit small for my hand and can cause cramping when using the wheel much, as the length of the mouse is such that you have to pull your fingers back to reach the button and wheel comfortably.
1	Now I can press the middle mouse button again!
1	* The middle mouse  button is surprisingly hard to push  down.
1	The side  button do not work  or are sporadic in their operation, and the scroll wheel stops unlocking to allow for free scroll, or vice versa.
1	Has a lot of programmable button.
1	But i went back to my logitech M310 which has a cord and only three programmable button but works great.
1	My favorite thing was the texture of the button, because when my had would get slightly sweaty, it wouldn't build up on the mouse and I thought that was great.
1	The dongl;e is made to fit in a place under the mouse which keeps the off button pushed.
1	- The new thumb button underneath the rubber is really cool, and very convenient to use.
1	It was replaced by a cheap-feeling mechanical toggle button that cannot be reprogrammed.
1	Unless you have a very long thumb, this means that the Forward button will require some reaching to use.
1	Regardless, that wheel served as three button (rock forward, back, or press), which have been replaced by the single thumb button that I really like.
1	If you want lots of button to assign functions to, the Performance MX has two fewer assignable button than the mouse it replaces, which might be annoying.
1	As I said above, this mouse replaced my MX Revolution because one of its button were failing (I can't remember if it was registering double-clicks or non-clicks), and my MX Revolution replaced a previous Logitech mouse that had the same problem (the mouse from the Cordless Desktop MX).
1	We use this mouse with our laptop, and everytime you move the computer on your lap, you have to reset the mouse by pushing this teeny tiny little button on the underside of the mouse by using an ink pen.
1	The thing is, when I bought it from Amazon, the middle mouse  button does not work  more than 50% of the time.
1	The side  button are hard to reach .
1	A button under your thumb to quickly switch screens, fantastic feature.
1	And button programing is more flexible than other mouses I have used, Microsoft and Logitech.
1	This is an exc product, great design, very comfortable, I like the side button to go forward and backwards on the web, the bluetrack system is GREAT, it actually works on every surface (I tried it on a glass table and it worked fairly well).
1	It has several programmable button and you can set up the options different for each program.
1	I did have a big problem with the Setpoint that came with the mouse and I DL'ed the latest version hoping there would be a fix but no, The setpoint would still reset the programmed button to default every week or so.
1	Its left mouse  button is starting to die , but it still has rock-solid click-by-click scrolling - each notch of the scroll wheel is always exactly one line of movement.
1	A second annoying factor is that the left and right mouse  button do not have the same tactile feel ; one has a solid "click" when depressed while the other has a much smoother feel when depressed.
1	So, this is a mouse that doesn't have a middle click button in the sense we all know.
1	I use the middle click button in scroll wheels to open links in browsers in new tabs.
1	The scroll wheel in this mouse doesn't have a middle click button.
1	In order to get the middle click back is to change what they've dubbed the One-Touch Search button to an Auto Scroll button.
1	Auto Scroll is apparently what the middle button actually is.
1	And I've notice that the middle click on the One-Touch Search button isn't a one touch middle click.
1	Thank goodness the forward and back button are still here.
1	Although they are/were only one button mice they were good mice for precision pointing.
1	And lots of third party Mac device makers emulated the design for their two-plus button mice.
1	The magnifying glass icon on the search button was the first to go within a month.
1	The back and forward button should have been positioned lower--they're a bit elusive.
1	I have to say that this mouse would have been great many years ago, but if you rely on the third mouse button for anything, this mouse is not the one you want.
1	First, there is no third mouse button.
1	You can reprogram the search button as the third mouse button, but even then it does not work very well.
1	It takes two or three presses to register as a third mouse button press.
1	tilt wheel/side to side scrolling, customizable button, and easily-accessible forward/back button for fast and efficient web browsing), but for basic functionality, this mouse simply cannot be beaten.
1	The soft-touch button and scroll wheel are also amazingly easy on the hand when doing a ton of repetitive movements.
1	Instead I've assigned the middle-click function to the Search button (using uberOptions drivers).
1	But this is awkward and sometimes the drivers revert the button back to the Search function at random.
1	The controls/button work great.
1	Ive always had a basic mouse but now I know what I was missing with the extra button and the just the feel of it.
1	The right and left button feel good.
1	The "forward" and "back" button are small and are on opposite sides of the mouse.
1	The two side  button are about 10mm too high  for comfortable use.
1	I do like the lower side button and was hoping this would be a good replacement for my Revolution MX.
1	Every button does something important that I choose it to do.
1	The only reasons that I did not rate it 5 stars was I was hoping there would possibly be some side navagation button and a little better connectivity range.
1	I also like the two small button on either side of the mouse, so a total of 5 button, all of which are customizable if you install the included software (also downloadable online).
1	There's a tiny switch for power, and a small button to press for the portable USB connector to fit into during travels.
1	The two button on the side of the mouse, near the thumb and ring/little finger are useful but not located in a easy to access area.
1	For the thumb button, I have to move the Microsoft Wireless Mobile Mouse 6000 closer inside my palm to reach and press it.
1	I wish they made the button where the rubber indentations are on the side of the mouse, that would've been perfect!
1	I currently use a Logitech VX Nano Cordless Laser Mouse (for notebooks), and that is what I'm comparing alot of the features such as button and scroll wheel to.
1	It has more customizable button, an asymmetrical shape that's more ergonomic (personally), and a non-shiny non-dust-attracting surface.
1	first it was the MX1000 that had a defective scroll wheel button that only clicked 1 out of 3 times.
1	this is a $100 mouse with a silly gear shift,  no middle mouse button , and a useless web search button.
1	that's right, there is no middle mouse click button on this, and you cannot reprogram the button using the default drivers.
1	the  button are not sensitive  so you sometimes have to push them 2 or 3 times to get them to accept a click.
1	Would have liked an additional two button, but overall, good.
1	The right side  button is awkward  to press but doable however the wheel scroll button is just annoying.
1	Love that you are able to program all the button with the included software and works great with Windows Vista.
1	The worst thing I have run into is that when you turn off the mouse via the switch on the bottom, all the button settings you set previously are wiped out.
1	Good: Tons of functionality, the thumb button are in a perfect place.
1	The special  button don't start working  until after you install the Logitech software, but basic point and click stuff works fine, which was nice.
1	In the Win version, the forward/backward button can be easily set as.
1	All in all, the button feel pretty good, except for the scroll wheel.
1	The middle  button is what really blows  on this mouse.
1	Sometimes i apply moderate pressure to the wheel and the middle button works.
1	For this reason, i reprogrammed the "zoom" button just below the forward/backward button to be my middle button.
1	The zoom button has a great feel.
1	So, if you just simply can't live with a mouse that has a  crappy middle button , you may want to look elsewhere.
1	I tend to use the middle button for Google SketchUP, as it's used for panning the 3D model.
1	The search button is a nice idea, but I almost never use that.
1	Once it's installed, it generally does a good job of staying out of your way, but I wish it would allow more freedom in button assignments without hacking the software and/or playing with XML files.
1	On the Mac, driver software installation is relatively painless, but again, the software is pretty restrictive in how one can assign actions to button.
1	Sometimes the middle-click switch doesn't quite recognize that you want to switch modes, so you have to press the wheel a bit more firmly to get it to switch modes (presumably to differentiate the middle button from the tilt-wheel button)-- Logitech's newer MX1100 has a toggle switch that's easier to use, and works even when the mouse is turned off.
1	Finally, since the mouse will use the middle-click to switch modes, you may want to assign middle-click to another button for some games.
1	While the overall design is great and the scroll wheel is very slick, there are two things I find myself never using: the zoom button and the document flip wheel.
1	I suppose I could assign middle-click to the zoom button assuming SetPoint allows this, but even then I wouldn't use it very often, since I'm so used to using the left hand to hold down Ctrl (on PCs) or Option (on Macs) while turning the scroll wheel.
1	It would be 5 stars, but I just wanted to point out that there is no option to set the middle button search as a middle click!
1	There is, of course, a quick press button that removes the dongle from its compartment.
1	The button have a nice feel and press easily.
1	It has a very nice feel to it, the button are useful, no wires.
1	Next, let's talk about the  useless button  they added to this mouse.
1	Plus the position where they put one of the new button, right below the scroll wheel, and as small as they can make it.
1	I've scoured the net hoping to find a wireless rechargeable mouse that has a nice smooth scrolling wheel, that has decent programmable button features, and all I came up with was the G700 - which is way too complex for my needs, and the Logitech Wireless Performance Mouse MX for PC and Mac.
1	The middle mouse button is awesome for scrolling, buy lousy for clicking.
1	So if you have an application (Like CAD,) that requires many middle button clicks, this is not a good option.
1	I bought this mouse to try out with my new Dell laptop because I really hate the two-button touchpads on laptops.
1	**** Good 4-fuzzies feature ratings: **** When using the left/right mouse button and scroll wheel, both the 6000 and Explorer Mini Mouse are two of the most whisper-quiet mice that I have ever used, with barely audible clicking sounds coming from the mouse button.
1	*** Not-so-good 3-fuzzies feature ratings: *** On both this 6000 mouse and the Explorer Mini Mouse, clicking down on the scroll wheel to use it as the middle mouse  button requires far too much force , and it makes a loud clunky clicking sound, which tends to negate the really quiet nature of the left/right button and the silent scroll wheel.
1	But in order to make the mouse more usable for lefties, the forward and back page button have been split apart and placed on either side of the mouse; the left-side page button moves back a page and the right-side page button moves forward a page.
1	Since I am right-handed, with my thumb operating the left-side page button, my index finger pressing the left mouse button, and my middle finger pressing the right mouse button, I pressed the right-side page button using my ring finger, and it always feels awkward and cumbersome.
1	And the other problem is that both the right-side and left-side page  button are too small  and positioned too much towards the front of the mouse body; the right-side page button would have been easier to press using my ring finger if it was either moved a bit away from the very front of the mouse, or if the button was lengthened in size.
1	As a right-hander, I definitely preferred to have both the forward and back page button located near my thumb on the left side of the mouse, and this is how the button are arranged on the Explorer Mini Mouse.
1	To release this transceiver, you press a small button that causes the transceiver to be unlatched and a tiny spring pushes the transceiver outward about one-eighth of an inch and then you can grab it and pull it out to plug it into your computer's USB port.
1	Another mechanical problem may occur if the  pushbutton latch fails  or breaks, leaving the transceiver permanently latched inside the mouse body.
1	Both are low profile, small mice with comfortably positioned 4 & 5 button.
1	The Performance version needs to be activated/deactivated by a button and has too little mass to spin as well or as long.
1	Pushing a separate button twice in order to stop and start a time-saving function is far less than optimal.
1	A bigger problem - for me anyways - is that now using the scrollwheel as a  button is very dicey .
1	The ergonomics are mostly good, but the forward/back button are too close to the zoom button, and I don't really use the zoom much anyway.
1	I wish the layout were a bit different, and a few more button would be nice.
1	, basic button don't take a lot of pressure) and that are pretty quiet.
1	Also, it's very difficult to click on the mouse wheel to use it as a middle mouse button.
1	I rely on the middle mouse button for both home and work.
1	I also really like the idea of the thumb wheel, which is why I bought the mouse to begin with; it seemed a good successor to the MX700's conveniently placed scroll up and scroll down button, which I use all the time.
1	The whole point of having so many button is to make a mouse flexible, right?
1	And it follows that for maximum flexibility the button should be easily mappable to a wide variety of functions and keys, right?
1	The SetPoint software that comes with the Revolution offers a sharply limited range of options for programming most button, thus kneecapping this fine hardware quite effectively.
1	You can't even switch the main left and right button(!
1	I know it's a right-handed mouse, but some of us right-handers WANT to switch the button.
1	I've heard professionals in other fields (mainly scientific and technical) complain that the Revolution's  button can't be remapped  to the most common-sense configurations for the mainstream apps they use day-in, day-out--configurations that other mice can adopt as a matter of course.
1	That was a really good mouse, despite the lack of extra button.
1	Update 11/12/10 - almost 2 years to the day I bought it the left mouse  button is doing the dreaded double click .
1	The additional  button/functions will not work , see below.
1	Now we have less programmable button.
1	And while holding the left mouse button down it will sometimes release then click or double click on its own.
1	Several button you can program for what you need.
1	I only wish that the side button were easier to use.
1	The mouse can be easily customized, but because the side  button are hard to push  I don't use this feature very often.
1	i frequently have to press the scroll wheel down multiple times for the button to be recognized.
1	the software that comes with this mouse is pathetic -- you more or less have to guess the button being programmed and use trial and error (i am on a Mac -- Snow Leopard).
1	The MX Revolution had a button on the top just below the wheel that served as the One-Touch Search button.
1	That button on the Performance MX is now a "gear shifter" that changes the wheel from click-to-click like a standard mouse wheel to a wheel that spins freely so that you can move up and down long pages quickly.
1	However, the Performance MX has a button just below the forward-back thumb button (it is labeled as the Zoom button - a useless feature) that I easily reconfigured via the SetPoint software to be the One-Touch Search button.
1	I spend several hours per week browsing the web with Firefox and I use the "One-Touch Search" feature of the mouse very heavily - I am constantly highlighting the name of a file in Windows Explorer or some text in Word or some text on a webpage, and I simply press the "One-Touch Search" button on the mouse which automatically opens a new tab in Firefox and performs a Google search of the highlighted text.
1	,  However, the Performance MX has a button in a location that the MX Revolution did not have - the thumb-rest area of the Performance MX is a button.
1	The photos of the Performance MX shows what looks like a tiny button with little white boxes on the thumb rest area.
1	That little thing is not actually the button - the entire area is.
1	To nitpick, the little button below the forward-back button could have protruded a bit more to give a greater tactile feel to its location.
1	Great size, fits the hand well, back and forward button, picks up nearly any surface for tracking movements and very smooth.
1	- ability to custom map functions to the various button Cons: - large and fairly heavy mouse requires a bit more effort and space to move around - only runs off a single AA battery - battery life is not very good (about 2-3 weeks) - SetPoint software only displays battery life as full/good/poor instead of the more accurate "XX days remaining" -  button placement is awkward .
1	That's too many  button too close  together.
1	- has  fewer button to map  than some other models.
1	Overall, it's a very good multi-button mouse but not an upgrade though got a good price and very good for my uses but another user in my family who is a senior computer engineer will be looking into something else once his Logitech MX Revolution dies in the future from lack of details mentioned above and decrease of preferences in the Logitech Mouse Preference window (Mac) with this "new" model.
1	So, if you just do computer work like web, graphic, audio design or office duties, it's more then enough but if you are all into features and maximum button control, look further unfortunately.
1	I also love the fact that it has lots of button, but not too many.
1	you've got your back/forward button, a zoom button and a thumb button which got a overhaul in this device to be part of the grip itself, which is very comfortable.
1	The one thing I didn't like is the fact the top button below the scroll is just used to switch between the regular scroll mode to the fast scroll mode.
1	All the button are of course configurable.
1	Giving this 4-stars, even though I really wanted 5, just because of that top  button problem .
1	I enjoy the frictionless scroll feature, and the side scroll, and the automatic explorer button is one of the best features ive ever had in a mouse.
1	Smooth scrolling or "bumpy resistance" wheel is nice - I like having that option with a quick click of a button.
1	Windows 7 didn't seem to install all the appropriate drivers, just the ones to get it working as a basic mouse (movement, wheel, front/back button), just not the extra thumb button.
1	It also has good button place (It is hard to accidentally hit the extra button!
1	Within three months of purchasing the mouse it started having an issue with the right button not always responding unless it was pressed rather hard.
1	The wheel is great, I'm continuing to use the mouse, but the rest of the  button are mostly useless .
1	The mouse usability is okay, although i dislike the manual button to switch the scroll wheel from freewheel to clicky wheel.
1	One big failing of Setpoint is that it does not give the MX Revolution the ability to use the "middle-click" feature that is a staple of virtually all other three-button mice.
1	Cons: 1) The biggest single drawback of the MX Revolution - even bigger than its exorbitant price - is that the microswitch under the left mouse  button is weak  and usually fails in well under one year, depending on how often and how hard you use the mouse.
1	My fingers should slide easily over the surface, the button should be comfy and smoothly contoured, and I should naturally find the button and wheels in a convenient location.
1	The shape of this mouse IS nice and comfy, and the thumb rest is nice, (though the MX 1000 thumb rest is smaller, it's more than adequate) but I find the button and scroll wheels to be awkward, and in the case of the forward/back button, actually uncomfortable to press.
1	Starting with the aforementioned forward/back button, they are placed a bit too high from the sculpted thumb rest, so that I have to move my thumb more than I think is efficient or comfortable.
1	You also kind of have to do this "out and up" motion to get to the button, due to the deeply sculpted thumb rest.
1	Second, the button themselves are, unlike the rest of the mouse, completely UN-contoured.
1	I thought it strange actually, that the  button seemed to not fit  the rest of this very ergo-looking mouse.
1	The left scroll button that defaults to a document switch button works as intended, feels fine, etc.
1	In particular, if I'm gaming, I will often squeeze the mouse excitedly, and accidentally click the button.
1	The main left and right button are unexceptional (which is fine), but it's the scroll wheel and "search" button that really irritate me.
1	Since the scroll wheel was completely unusable as a middle click, I decided to reconfigure the "search" button to serve this purpose.
1	Recently, my new mouse's scroll wheel  button stopped working .
1	Other thing i would like in mouse is to flip through open windows or through tabs using extra button.
1	Thought I'd splurge and get this one with all of its features and extra button but the battery life is a real letdown.
1	Center clutch button lock toggle works great but I don't see myself ever not using the clutch.
1	The button actuation is positive and feedback is excellent while the sound is just right.
1	The actual action of the  button doesn't press  from the center but on the far left edge.
1	You literally need to place the edge of the button in the center of your finger which just isn't comfortable or natural.
1	only negative is the middle button.
1	It has true button programability and is not like the Microsoft ergo wireless that it replaced that had five "programmable" button and couldn't even run as a true 3 button.
1	My only con for this mouse is that in Maya 3D the middle mouse  button is a little finicky  in advanced hold and move functions.
1	I resolved this comfortably by reprogramming a thumb button to be an alternate MMB and it works perfectly.
1	Every button is easily accessible.
1	The main function and button are immediately usable when you plug the dongle.
1	I use the software btnx for all the other exotic button and I have now a 10 button mouse.
1	my only gripe is the zoom and thumb button.
1	i really am super happy with it, i gave it 4 stars solely because logitech  hasn't made any easy way to change the DPI with out windows and installing software, it would be pretty easy to have pressing say 3 of the 9 button at the same time changed the DPI.
1	Background info: before this, I was using the MX600 cordless laser mouse that came as part of the MX3200 wireless package; which I have also been very satisfied with except 1) I hated having to go through batteries so fast (was replacing the batteries on the mouse on average maybe once every 4-6 weeks) and 2) after a bit over a year, the  button on the mouse became noticeably less responsive  as I had to exert a noticeable amount of force for the clicks to register.
1	It has button, lights, textures, and curves that really make it look sharp.
1	And the software makes the button highly (but not totally) customizable.
1	The only negative about the mouse is the stiff spring on the wheel button.
1	The unusually high tension on the wheel  button can be a bit annoying , and I wonder if it might be bad for carpal tunnel-type problems.
1	Much less than the 6 months I was getting with my previous mobile mouse, the original arc mouse (that I finally had to replace when the right click  button became wonky ).
1	The left  button has also stopped working consistently .
1	Middle mouse  button is too rigid .
1	Left  button either wouldn't work  or it acted like a double click.
1	The wheel  button became useless  doing the same things as described here.
1	The keyboard is outstanding and as soon as I got my big hand on the mouse it was love at first sight that is until I discovered that the wheel wouldn't work as a middle button.
1	the various button for page scrolling, document flipping, as well as the back and forward button for web pages, are at your finger tips.
1	I absolutely love the Mouse 4/5 button, however the addition of another button right beneath those results in some confusing placement and usage for someone used to using these button for Forward/Back controls in a browser.
1	I quickly realized that I prefer a standard 5 button mouse layout rather then the complications of having additional button.
1	I have used some of the recent mice with additional button and found them to be awkward and left me prone to errors that took longer to undo than any time saved by correctly using them.
1	I am happy that this mouse has retained its simplicity of 2 button and a scroll wheel/button.
1	The fit is near perfect for my hand, button are well placed, and it has a good weight to it.
1	Ive set all the extra button to the following for autocad; lower thumb:open, left scroll wheel:escape, right scroll: mute (just in case my boss has something to say), zoom:save, i set the thum up/down to move through the last commands (handy for when you want to go back 2 or three commands real quick), and right click: repeat last command (i prefer it to the spacebar for repeat).
1	What is also nice is the setpoint software that lets you set different button configurations for different applications.
1	Which may be a problem depending on what you set it to in autocad if you use the middle button to pan around.
1	Now, if you have larger hands you will find the mouse wheel and thumb up/down button too close.
1	The M705 is short one button (the thumb zoom) but besides that it is a good substitute.
1	There's a forward & a backward button which are customizable to do different things in different programs.
1	A zoom button under those two button which is good for quick zoom of an internet page.
1	A slight inconvenience is it can't scroll up or down the page until pressing the zoom button again to turn the zoom function off.
1	There's a program switcher button under the thumb which is also customizable.
1	It lacks wide customization of button, but for my use it is sufficient.
1	It's pretty simple, but very effective, having two customizable button that are well placed for smaller hands (like a womens or perhaps a dainty dudes).
1	I've had these "bonus" button on many different models, but never where I ended up actually using them.
1	there are also three more button, a one touch search located just behind the first wheel and two arrow button on the side by the second wheel.
1	I have owned this for less than a day and immediately realized that there is NO middle mouse button, which is absolutely essential for opening and closing tabs in Firefox.
1	The button behind the wheel (Search button) would be a perfect place for a middle click, but alas, you can't assign that function to that button.
1	And none of the other side button/scrollers will do it either.
1	on the flip side, before i started having problems, this mouse was great, all but 1 of the button (the search button) were perfectly placed.
1	The second is the middle wheel button on the mouse.
1	There are many different options for the few button you can customize such as the thumb button.
1	I used their (first or second) generation MX gaming mouse for nearly 9 years before the button broke down, so it was an easy choice for me to buy another performance MX mouse.
1	I've had this mouse for about a month now and this is a direct replacement for my other 5 button mouse, the Microsoft Intellimouse, generation 1.
1	My biggest concern was the two side button, but you get use to them as they are simply small and I am right handed, and pressing the right side button with my ring finger still feels really awkward.
1	The software should offer a little more flexibiliy in defining the functions of the many button.
1	The driver isn't as intuitive - haven't actually been able to program the button to the extent I desire - unlabeled button in the interface is the biggest problem.
1	I took the hint that a new mouse was in order when the  paint wore off the left mouse button  and the wheel stopped scrolling to the left.
1	I read this somewhere before, so I know I'm not the only one with this problem - does it seem that the right button is slightly lower than the left?
1	It's not that it's an eyesore, and even the fact that I feel the height difference with my fingers isn't a problem, but I've noticed that the right  button is a bit stiff , possibly for the same reason.
1	This may well be just the fact that I'm not entirely used to the shape of the mouse yet, but I've definitely noticed that I have to strain my hand a lot more to play with this right button.
1	My previous mouse (in case it's not yet apparent, I've so far been comparing the PMX to that standard more than judging it on its own merits) could run all of its important button (read: everything but the useless zoom) off the drivers - it didn't need the software that came in the box.
1	I eventually reassigned the two extra button to other things (I wasn't allowed to turn them off, by the way), so hopefully I'll never have to hear from them again.
1	A true gaming mouse would have nineteen button and it would be shaped like Master Chief's helmet, whereas this one has a zoom button and an application-switching button.
1	I might still have to send it in because of the right button issue, assuming I'm not deterred by Logitech's reportedly awful customer service.
1	The mouse worked perfectly, the wheel button also works perfectly, unlike the button on my replacement notebook optical laser mouse 6000.
1	This mouse also has a better wheel button (good for middle clicking) than the newer laser mouse 6000 which is erratic.
1	This mouse has lots of great customizable button, and feels great in the hand, however, none of that really matters since it's got beyond horrible tracking.
1	Scroll wheel is supposed to also be a middle button according to the brochure, I but could not get it to work.
1	Who cares about Darkfield lasers when the rest of the mouse has too many parts and pieces, is too complicated, and has button in all the wrong places?
1	If you don't need the forward and back button, the V450 Nano is even cheaper; I own the VX Nano and the V450 Nano.
1	One of its best features is that it has a button to pull up a small window of all your apps (as pics) and you can quickly pick an app to bring it to the foreground.
1	I have only some minor gripes: the power button is on the bottom of the mouse, so you have to turn it over to turn if off.
1	The 5000 is better when it comes to button and wheel placement and functioning, the 6000 MIGHT start a bit faster but that's hard to tell for sure.
1	For those of us who use Firefox, we love the middle button functionality of the scroll button to open and close new tabs.
1	In this new mouse, despite its other interesting features, you must go thru some serious hoops to get that middle button functionality to work.
1	By default, clicking the middle button swaps the scrolling of the wheel.
1	you must go to some non-obvious options to get the middle button working.
1	pressing the middle  button requires significant pressure , and just isn't comfortable.
1	but it is unfortunate that you cannot assign middle button functionality to some of the other button (say the back/forth button).
1	The positioning of the extra button feel natural and can be hit quickly and easily.
1	My previous mouse was a Logitech MX-700, 8 button mouse.
1	ONE problem right away: no way to program the left or right button!
1	I use that in place of the tiny button on top of the MX-500/700 (corded, cordless) for COPY, PASTE and, in the case of the former, shift-delete.
1	IF Logitech (1) allowed configuration of the left and right button and (2) had equally good drivers for LINUX and the Mac, I'd call it outstanding.
1	Idles by itself so I don't find myself really using the off button.
1	Customizable button are convenient.
1	There are a total of 4 standard button, with a scroll wheel button and 4-way scrolling.
1	Note that when you're using the mouse, the thumb button is easy to reach but the button on the opposite side is harder to press.
1	By default, the left button is for moving back a page, the right button is for moving forward.
1	The primary and secondary button are very tactile with excellent response, and the button surface is integrated with the rest of the mouse shell, so it looks clean and "aerodynamic".
1	The scroll wheel button is also very stiff.
1	I thought my Logitech G9x scroll wheel button was stiff, but the Mobile Mouse 6000 is maybe twice as stiff.
1	The Microsoft Bluetooth Notebook 5000 scroll wheel button is about as easy to use as the primary/secondary button.
1	The stiffer scroll wheel button makes it difficult to use tabbed browsing, and combined with a jittery scroll wheel on the 6000, it's hard to browse using FireFox or IE8.
1	The button itself is very stiff, so I had a hard time trying to use it in Firefox and IE.
1	What Microsoft should do is reduce the force required to push the scroll wheel button, and add the clicking/gears so it is easier to use.
1	The forward and backward  button are too slim  that you have to click them carefully being afraid of breaking them.
1	Functionality: The hidden thumb button is neat and clicking is soft.
1	I would have liked the forward and back button to be positioned a little higher, but I am getting used to it.
1	Just click the center button over the mouse wheel and the scroll wheel goes free.
1	I also give the smooth-scroll wheel, side selector, and even quick-search button high marks.
1	Though for the quick search button I'd like to just associate CTRL-CTRL with the button but can't.
1	the "down-graded" version of the software does not let you configure the scroll wheel on your thumb, nor the 2 button on the side of the mouse next to your thumb, so I'm stuck with a nice-feeling, cool-looking wireless mouse that doesn't really have any more functionality that the other mice on the market.
1	The button feel flimsy and weird, unlike another other mice I tried: logitech, microsoft intellimouse/wheelmouse/basic mouse.
1	i would like to be able to have more configuration options for the zoom button, especially since the middle  button is not reliable .
1	If I put the receiver on the back of my desktop PC, or across my desk in my laptop docking station, I get intermittent pauses and  unresponsive button clicks .
1	I have extremely long fingers and find the fwd/back button easy to reach length-wise but they're way too high on the mouse.
1	Other users complain their thumb is too short (probably because they have normal length fingers), because the  button are pretty far  forward.
1	This isn't an issue for me, but the  button are absolutely too high .
1	However, I spilled some liquid on one of the button and it got sticky, so I figured I try out a different brand.
1	My old mouse was pretty plain -- it had two button and a scroll wheel, all of which worked pretty much exactly as one would expect.
1	The scroll wheel scrolled at an acceptable speed, and also doubled as a middle mouse button.
1	This revolution mouse has a ton of button, which can be configured to be situationally useful, but so far the extra  button haven't been as useful  as I thought they would be.
1	1st thing to know is that as a gamer I bought this as a cheap 5 button mouse, I bought the hype about the bluetrack.
1	I couldn't get the side button to work and it didn't track well at all, so I thought it might be a defective one.
1	I got this mouse for my notebook because it was one of the few mice available that met my 3 requirements: tilt wheel, thumb button(s), and a micro receiver.
1	There is a side button on either side for back/forward, but the one for your thumb is too far forward, making it hard to use unless you have your entire hand wrapped around the mouse, but I tend to keep my hand back slightly on mice.
1	They should have put both side button on the left side of the mouse for right handed users to use with their thumb, because the right side  button isn't easy to hit .
1	OTHER THOUGHTS: If you're looking for a nice mouse for your notebook and you don't mind not being able to customize the tilt wheel or number of lines the wheel scrolls and you don't mind the side button being too far forward, this mouse is a good choice.
1	I haven't used this in a long time, but having it at a desktop now I notice the wheel  button is accidentally pressed  all the time, there is not much of a "click" either.
1	Nevertheless, it is a beautiful and comfortable mouse and it has a lot of options for customizing the button.
1	On the downside, it has one or two fewer button than the older MX1000, and instead of a replaceable battery system like the G7, you have to plug it in to recharge from time to time.
1	The positive side is that the left and right click button are very comfortable to use and noiseless than other mice I have used.
1	But its forward and backward  button are not friendly  designed.
1	Yes, you will like it if you like a silent scroller button.
1	I also have to mention the lefty button.
1	I didn't see anyone else mention this but it has a button on the left for your thumb and also one on the right so you can use it left-handed.
1	The only thing I wish this had is a back/forward button on the thumb rest like some other mouses have.
1	Also putting the usb receiver on the lowest positioned port avoids the accidental activation of the reset button on the bottom of the receiver.
1	I have worked with all manner of keyboards, mice (1, 2, 3 button and combos), trackballs, pointers, pads and other input devices.
1	The scroll wheel located between the main button is really a flywheel.
1	Sure, you can reprogram the button but you still have to use your right hand.
1	This is a wheel-like button on the side.
1	Highlight a word or phrase, hit the button and your favorite search utility will go looking.
1	The mouse doesn't have any short-cut button.
1	At first I thought I was having computer issues -- and some of the issues indeed were -- but the mouse issues are: not holding a "block,"  not holding an "object" that I want to move in a game, and needing more or harder or slower clicks of the button.
1	The other day I decided to change the button configuration from left to right.
1	But I have used a mouse left-handed with my middle finger on the left button for years, starting at work because of my desk configuration and being somewhat ambidextrous.
1	Now I found it impossible to use my index finger on the right side button.
1	The zoom button is VERY close to the page forward/backwards button.
1	This makes it common for me to accidentally hit the zoom button instead of the page back button.
1	I just wish they would have designed the button a little differently.
1	The forward/back button are very nice as well.
1	My previous mouse just had a back button and I started getting frustrated when I'd want to go forward with the mouse but couldn't.
1	It means something large enough to fit your hand comfortably, allowing your wrist/arm to rest in a natural position; something that allows you to change hands to rest one; and something that offers a good, light scroll button and both back and forward button that are easy to reach using either hand.
1	CONS: The side button are in just the wrong place so neither your thumbs or index fingers can comfortably reach them.
1	I'm switching to a Razer Naga soon, because of the massive number of programmable button, wired for no lag, and much faster sensor.
1	Battery  button was stuck  when I received but works fine now.
1	I didn't notice this mentioned in other reviews until after I bought it, but the middle wheel/ button click is barely functional .
1	A quick fix is just to press the reset button on the bottom of the mouse and it's good to go.
1	The wheel on the side and the search button are mostly worthless.
1	The button are well placed and overall it fits perfectly in my hand.
1	The pros (Darkfield, USB charger, customizable button, unifying receiver, free-scroll mouse) were absolutely impressive, and the con (click-scroll mouse is subpar) was disappointing, but not in any way a showstopper.
1	*) (* key selling point *) - Low resistance scroll - Multiple button can be customized to different tasks And the caveat as to why I rated it low and returned (2) mice and bought another: - Mouse #1 - middle  button was intermittent  - Mouse #2 - middle button worked, but had to be pushed at a certain angle to trigger, which was different given the length of my middle finger, which I would term average.
1	As a CAD user that uses the middle mouse button all day this was no good.
1	Sooo if you don't use the middle mouse button I'd recommend this mouse, but given its high price its disappointing that its flaky.
1	The major difference is the button.
1	The loads of button on this mouse coupled with the ability to assign keystrokes to them makes this a potent aid for gaming.
1	3)For Windows 7- Every often Scrolling button will stop working.
1	Then one day, all the extra  button stopped working completely .
1	I want a mouse custom-formed for a right-hander,  one with multiple button so I can customize functions to my hearts content, and one wireless but reliable enough to be used for any application.
1	It's very important to me to actually put my hand on a mouse, to feel its shape and weight and button-positioning, when I'm shopping for a mouse.
1	These are very well placed compared to all the other mice I saw, including many that had only one button (I'm looking at you, Microsoft), or strangely placed button.
1	I was a little concerned that the button-action might not be very crisp, and I couldn't tell because there was no display model up there for the Performance MX, but my fears turned out to be unfounded, the button-action is excellent and crisp.
1	Then there's the groundbreaking features, like the program-select button, which works like a dream!
1	It's in the perfect place under your thumb too, I wish more mice had a similar thumb button.
1	Loved the mouse it self, has great features small usb, on off button.
1	Other than that I really like the mouse, it works on virtually any surface and the placement of the side button really work well for me.
1	Also with the software, the button can be programmed to be application specific or global functions.
1	The inexplicably awkward repositioning of the forward / back button leaves me wondering if the engineers are just bored and trying new things.
1	The button are all very easy to reach and I don't ever seem to get a tired wrist or arm while using this mouse.
1	This is a nice mouse with good tracking and several programable button.
1	The thumb button is located almost near the very front of the mouse so it feels unnatural clicking it.
1	It's not bad, you just click a button to get the "free-scrolling", but MX Rev does it better.
1	actually works on almost any surface and extremely powerful signal, the only problem is its size and the scroll wheel  button is too hard , and does not respond well to design programs is almost a torture,  for a normal job does not demand intensive use will be perfec.
1	Now, the mouse sometimes works, other times just stops randomly even though all the lights are on, new battery, and pressing the connect button.
1	3) Extra button on the thumb-rest is nice on a Mac;  enables easy switching between apps.
1	2) Forward/backward thumb  button are a bit high .
1	3) Right/Left click  button are supper sensitive , as I often clicked when I didn't want to.
1	In a single line: The scroll wheel of this mouse is CRITICALLY bad, and I would recommend against buying it if you like fast-smooth scroll or the left-right rocker button on the scroll-wheel.
1	The Side-to-Side button (Left/Right) for the scroll wheel are too sensitive.
1	It's a bit big and bulky, but the idea of a rechargeable mouse, the smart-shifting scroll wheel, the thumb lever, and the other advanced features (several programmable button, laser precision, etc.
1	Frankly, I (and probably most other people) already have a well-ingrained method for switching tasks (the taskbar button or alt-tab).
1	However, the functions that were available were either redundant ("go back" and "go forward," which the side button already do, or scrolling functions, which the scroll wheel already does) or just not terribly useful.
1	The problem I have with it is that the side  button are in the wrong place .
1	My previous mouse had the side button laying directly under my thumb and it just took slight pressure to activate.
1	This one, the side  button on the left is too high  and too far forward and I have to move my whole hand and twist it around, then the whole mouse moves out of position making it unecessarily awkward to use.
1	Other than the side  button issue  this is a great little mouse.
1	I like the fast, smooth, scrolling, and ability to configure the button.
1	I would like to be able to give it more stars, but the fact of the matter is, the side button location just ruins it for me.
1	It's now 3 months (and a few more weekends of travel) later and the receiver won't connect at any angle - even after attempting to manually connect using the "connect" button on the bottom of the mouse.
1	It tracks accurately on my oak desk (something my mighty mouse did not do), has great features like zoom, scroll (fast or slow), multi-window view thumb button (displays all open windows), and a side to side scroll feature.
1	My problem with the device is that after a few weeks the right or left click button would not respond at times.
1	The middle  button works randomly .
1	Every time I use it, I need to press the re-set button at least once.
1	I like most everything 'bout this mouse, but when I try to lock in auto-scroll using the wheel pushbutton, it depends on where the wheel is on its full rotation as to how much luck I have doing so.
1	I'm assuming there is a hardware problem with the thumbwheel pushbutton-the function of the wheel  pushbutton is not consistent  throughout the entire rotation of the wheel.
1	Based on a few reviews I've read where other folks seem to be complaining 'bout the wheel pushbutton in other applications, it sounds like this may be an endemic problem with this model?
1	The custom button for the thumb work well, and I've found that in many cases I can use them for switching back and forth from window to window easier & faster with them than with the keyboard alt/control-tab combinations.
1	I do wish there was more customization possible with the button and maybe one additional button somewhere that I could fully customize.
1	You can map app-specific button functions, which may be handy for people who use one app heavily, like games or artistic/engineering programs.
1	The only thing lacking is a back button.
1	The mouse is accurate, I love the free-spinning scroll wheel, (it continues to spin as if on a needle bearing), All the assignable button, It's heft, It's fit in my hand, the tiny size of the USB dongle, It works smoothly on most surfaces.
1	Here are the differences: - There used to be a button at the bottom of the top wheel that was supposed to be a search button or something like that.
1	In my case, I used the "Show Desktop" expose function, and because the button was so accessible, it was very convenient.
1	You use the button mentioned in the previous point to switch between free rotation or normal mode.
1	It wasn't a real wheel as such, but more like three button (up, down and press).
1	- You get 2 new button on the Performance.
1	I must say the placement is kinda odd and it's so tiny and stuck to the other much larger button, I struggle to find it instinctively.
1	The other button is a thumb button that is the area where your thumb rests.
1	In my case, the thumb button and the usb cable makes up for the fact that the Performance is not as good.
1	On the defective mouse, the scroll wheel worked, the right  button worked intermittently , but the pointer wouldn't move.
1	Both of the first two mouses had left button broke after almost exactly 6 month of use, the good thing is Logitech customer service provided replacement right after I told them.
1	The whole left side of the mouse where your thumb would rest is itself a button.
1	This button's placement is a little confusing, sitting directly underneath the back and forward button.
1	I could not get the top and bottom button to work.
1	An application switching button under the thumb is great!
1	There is a button to change the scroll wheel from fast to slow and this is good.
1	The only way I've found to resolve this is by resetting the wireless signal, which is documented as a solution in the software, and easily done by pressing a button on the transmitter.
1	I'm also finding that the left click  button is inconsistent .
1	Only enhancements I would recommend are: on the fly dpi switches (like the G7), wheel button returned (probably hard to do with the free fly wheel technology), search button Firefox friendly (opens 2 tabs for each search), and more features!
1	The issue with the left  button having problems  is real and very annoying.
1	Two years after purchasing this mouse, one fine morning its left-click button stopped working.
1	With the software I changed the "quick search" button (the one behind the scroll wheel) to show the desktop and turned the thumb rocker into an alt-tab replacement.
1	I also set the scroll wheel to always be free flowing, as opposed as being able to click and switch between normal and free flowing, so I could use the "click" to be a middle button which is useful to open up another tab in a web browser by middle clicking a link.
1	It kept disconnecting, so I constantly had to hold down the connect button (which is way too small to press with your fingers) and half the time that would not work.
1	also the range is horrible; after moving more than a yard away from the receiver, the mouse would automatically disconnect and the only way to get it to start again was to press the tiny connect button on the bottom of it.
1	this makes it so you can't just leave the receiver in when you are done using it, but instead have to constantly take it out and put it back in the computer (and then, once again, click the dreaded connect button).
1	there is no connect button (thank god), the receiver is tiny so you can leave it in your laptop, and the mouse works on almost every surface.
1	Now it's gone, replaced by one useless button.
1	It gives a great grip, scrolling is smooth and fast, button are very responsive and the precision is better than what I have seen so far in other models.
1	I enjoy the extra side button as well (browsing back has never been easier).
1	Without touching any button while moving the mouse, the cursor will instantly jump across to the other monitor or some other area of the monitor I am using.
1	The options window for the right mouse button will appear when I have not touched the button and it will "click" things without having touched any button.
1	roller button on top accidentally engages when i scroll.
1	Preferr the way these button are setup on this one compared to old MX mouse.
1	The side button are perfect at least for my hand and it is smaller than what I thought but it still fits comfortably in my hand.
1	The extra button are nice, especially the thumb button which I set up to initiate Mission Control on my iMac.
1	My fianc&eacute; uses the Anywhere Mouse MX and I was delighted by the design of the wheel; you clicked the wheel to change the scrolling speed, and clicked the button below the wheel for a center-button click.
1	As I use the center button quite a lot, I thought this was a great design, and it was honestly the deciding factor in choosing a Logitech mouse.
1	Then all the extra  button are pretty much useless .
1	Document Flip and the Search  button are completely worthless .
1	The mouse still works great if you just use it like a normal mouse; HOWEVER, if you use the middle button (pressing down on the scroll wheel) a lot for games/opening in tabs, DO NOT get this mouse because you really have to push on the scroll wheel for it to click.
1	- The middle button being more responsive on the PMX doesn't matter because you can assign the button below the scroll wheel as the middle button on the MXR and you can't assign that on the PMX, it's stuck as the button to switch hyper-scrolling.
1	Using it as 2 programmable button is fine the way it is.
1	- Extra thumb button not really useful unless you are a gamer (again, wireless is not made for gaming) - 2nd "wheel" is removed.
1	Only 2 button (thumb and zoom) replaced the wheel which is bascially 3 button and has more practical use because it's all on one wheel.
1	The perfect mouse would be the MXR added with PMX's dark-field tracking, unifying usb, and added thumb and zoom button with usb charging along with charging dock.
1	It is too easy to hit the right button especially when i get weak also the range is a problem.
1	I have a mobile mouse 3500 which I love so when I saw the 6000 was supposed to be an "improved" version with two more button I bought it.
1	Also, forget about using the mouse-wheel button.
1	If you even touch the wheel it moves, and when you actually push the button down (which feels cheap, by the way) the wheel again will randomly move.
1	-Button configuration: The side button (back-forward) are quite useful, but this you can find in others.
1	What is different are the zoom and tab exchange button.
1	-Scroll button: Although the scrolling ability is great, it sometimes misses when you click on the scroll button.
1	A solid mouse, with all the basic features (which to me include mouse wheel as a 3rd button click, USB receiver as the on/off switch), and good design and quality.
1	The movement quality went down, and the main click  button is almost dead  - I have to really bang on it for the click to be noticed.
1	After installing the SetPoint software I was able to customize the button further.
1	As the battery drains each  button will disappear  and finally the LED will turn red letting you know its almost out of juice.
1	Another cool button is the side wheel.
1	All of the other button are customizable as well and are well placed.
1	The forward/back button are both on the left side and are very easy to reach.
1	The top button is placed underneath the top scroll wheel.
1	The factory setting for that button lets you do a quick search of web content.
1	The button location and programability of the mouse was exceptional.
1	Button location, not the same as the Revolution, looks similiar but you have to really move your fingers to engage the side button which is important when doing production work, not being able to program the button behind the wheel and its sensitive right and left  button made it impossible to use  with Autocad.
1	Now for regular everday use, I have been trying to use it with my home computer since my M705 mouse is finally dying, it is still overly sensitive meaning you just look at the thing and it engages the button.
1	Just wish it had a back button on the side, that's the only thing I miss.
1	You can assign attributes to the 8 button such as zoom in, zoom out, mute, previous page, next page, and so on.
1	There is a tendency to press the forward and back button (not right and left) without meaning to.
1	At the same time, the zoom button which is found under those two button is not something that at least initially you'll find without looking.
1	After changing the very bottom button to zoom in on print, you press the bottom button, then scroll with the scroll wheel in order to enlarge or compress photos or print size.
1	I found my left click button had a small but irritating defect.
1	The right button does not have the twang no matter how you do it.
1	Cons: - The zoom button isn't necessary and gets in the way of pressing the back/forward button.
1	I don't need a separate button.
1	- The back/forward button sit high and back on the mouse and are a little awkward to press.
1	~ the button and design are very helpful Cons: ~ the most important part of the mouse, its performance is extremely poor.
1	At first I thought the thumb button would be hard to get used to.
1	Boy was I wrong, once I used Logitech's software to move the mappings around a bit (set thumb to browser back and zoom to browser forward then reused forward/back button for other features) this became indispensable.
1	My first three-button mouse was a Logitech in a bulky square "ergonomic" mouse.
1	.
