0	I'm willing to skip the extra buttons though because the quality responsiveness and connectivity of the V470 beats the competition . .
0	Loading the software gives user options to customize the buttons .
0	This mouse works perfect buttons feels nice scroll wheel very nice and has a very good feel as far as the fist review install the software will fix the scroll speed is adjustable left and right separately it was very slow before installing the software . .
0	It looks very nice and even though the buttons feel a little bit loose compared to the ones in the Might Mouse they work flawless . .
0	You actually end up having 6 buttons actions .
0	Mine doesn't go to sleep I actually wouldn't know how to set that up it responds everytime I move it just as I move it without jumping just like the Mighty Mouse but with two click buttons and a functional scroll wheel .
0	was immediately detected and after simple Control panel install I was able to set the buttons the way I want .
0	Please be aware this is not a gamers mouse as it would need some side buttons at least for that so if your gaming allot you may want a mouse with more buttons .
0	Software that comes with is simple and has lots of options for the different buttons .
0	It's small enough to fit comfortably in your hand without being so small that you have to curl your fingers to click the buttons .
0	The buttons work great and I love the slight resistance of the wheel . .
0	The two batteries AA comprise most of the mouse's weight it glides easily the buttons and wheel work like most mice . .
0	It is a nice small size with two finger buttons and a wheel button .
0	It is easy to program buttons but I didn't want to install Logitech's software don't really want to many programs running in the backround . .
0	I've had two bluetooth mice from apple in the last two years and this one by far is the best mouse for the mac platform using bluetooth you can also easily customize the buttons .
0	The side scrolling its useful in games browsing and any other activity you can imagine the buttons are customizable and its response time is great .
0	Pros Price response time usefulness 6 buttons BATTERY LIFE of over a month small stylish battery life indicator Cleans easily .
0	This was my second purchase of this same bluetooth mouse so I must like something about it Synching it with my MacBookPro running Snow Leopard was as simple as hitting a couple buttons .
0	My wrist gets pretty sensitive to button pushing all day so its nice to not have to put a lot of stress on that when using the buttons .
0	The buttons have a responsive click and the trackwheel is notched for a good grip . .
1	The only thing that I wish it had was forward and back buttons or surfing the internet .
0	It does not have those silly side buttons for going back forward on the Internet which on the Microsoft Mouse I kept accidentally hitting with my thumb when I reached for it causing me to lose my edits on the current web page . .
0	I set it up the way I wanted the buttons to work It still worked fine . .
0	Easy installation programmable buttons do what they need to do .
0	The software loads a system preference where all the mouse buttons wheels can be set to your liking .
0	I tried Microsoft 5000 and returned it back it was not comfortable for long use and also too many buttons on the mouse than I need .
0	<p> Very sturdy buttons work great wheel flips trough page wonderfully . .
0	It fits comfortably in my hand and all of the buttons feels right . .
0	I assigned these buttons to back and forward in my browser .
0	Way more intuative to use than the back forward buttons I've had on the side of mice in the past .
0	I didn't want a gazillion buttons on the mouse just basic mouse functionality without any surprises .
0	This mouse has two buttons a scroll wheel and three position scroll wheel button functionality and that is it .
0	I would have liked to see the mouse with back and forward buttons but with Logitech Setpoint you can customize the wheel to become those buttons easily .
0	The track wheel can be pushed left and right which provides two additional programmable buttons for like page up and page down . .
0	I'm used to using a five button Microsoft mouse on my Mac tower so I miss the buttons on the sides .
1	I only wish it had more buttons on it such as forward and back .
0	The only advantage the software offered was the ability to program the buttons to do specific functions .
0	I just wish one or two extra buttons for easier browsing back forward . .
0	Mouse buttons are pleasing to click . .
0	The only thing I wish it could improve is to add extra buttons . .
0	My only other complaint is that I wish that this mouse had the two extra programmable buttons like the Logitech LX7 has . .
0	The software makes it easy to configure the buttons to browse the web wheel tilts right left . .
0	It has great battery life great response laser precision left right buttons on the wheel good size and comfortable grip . .
0	The side scrolling isn't as refined as that of the Mighty Mouse but the actual two buttons are better for games . .
0	What makes this mouse great is the two buttons the ergonomic design the scroll wheel that goes sideways and it doesn't require more pricey Lithium batteries . .
0	I can resign buttons which is useful when playing games or using CAD software yes I know there are a lot of buttons but the scroll wheel has more flexibility this way . .
0	The ability to program the buttons to do what you choose is an amazing feature and very easy to do .
0	As for functionality this bluetooth mouse comes equipped with a four buttons .
0	Logitech provides the mouse with a Device Control Center a driver program that allows you to program your the buttons of your mouse to do whatever you want .
0	The middle mouse button can be customized with three different buttons 1 scrolling 2 tilt left and 3 tilt right .
1	It also doesn't have the extra buttons that a more expensive gaming mouse has .
0	It is easy to install in Tiger on a Mac but you need the software to assign different buttons to other commands .
0	The size of the mouse is appropriate for a travel esque mouse but for medium large man hands like me it is a little small making it fit more inside my palm than I'd like It is still completely functional and comfortable I just wished it was a little longer if anything so that my finger tips would lay directly over the buttons .
0	There is a little ON OFF switch on the bottom which is nice for quickly stowing the mouse away and preventing battery drainage or if you're throwing it in a backpack or something but the mouse does not come with a case that prevents the buttons from being pressed or protected which kind of sucks .
1	My only complaint is that the surface is so smooth that you can feel dirty accumulating on the buttons .
0	The software that comes with the mouse is pretty basic but does allow you make changes to the actions assigned to the buttons and the tracking speed .
0	It also comes with software in which you can program all the buttons .
0	I've taken this into advantage by programing the wheel button to flip through all my open windows and the side to side buttons on the wheel to go back or forward on the internet or windows explorer .
0	The right and left mouse buttons continued to function but the mouse wouldn't move the cursor on the computer display . .
0	Another interesting aspect about the software is that you can assign certain actions to your mouse buttons .
0	The feel of the buttons and scroll wheels is great better than the mighty mouse in my opinion .
1	Apple uses some sort of balancing mechanism which mimics two buttons but does not work 50% of the time . .
0	<p> customizable buttons for dashboard spaces expose .
0	Instead of using the horizontal scroll I have the tilting wheel buttons not sure of the technical name set to go back and forward on my browser .
0	I chose this mouse because of the extra buttons that most bluetooth mice don't seem to have .
0	In this mouse the scroll wheel tilts to the right and left adding two extra buttons which I have programed for forward and back page while internet browsing .
0	Their mouse bridges the left and right click buttons into one clickable face and relies on software side analysis to determine whether you intended to click left or right . .
1	The only issue for me is that the buttons are quite noisy .
0	The mouse works right out of the package with Leopard the software allows for customizing the buttons and the best part about it is the on off switch . .
1	No more wasting batteries on always on mice I really would've liked it to have side buttons to make internet browsing more productive or to easily access dashboard expose but since this mouse has side scrolling I can customize the wheel to fit my dashboard expose shortcut needs . .
0	The only complaint I have is the buttons have started having problems after a year and a half of use .
0	Buttons like the left & right on the scroll wheel . .
0	The only need for installing the software would be if you want to do some non standard mappings of the mouse buttons wheel .
0	The MS has an additional side button for those who think having more buttons is better on a mouse . .
0	The 2 sides buttons are a Godsend .
0	I also do work at home that requires a lot of copy paste so that is what I chose to program the side buttons for .
0	You can also program the buttons to do things according to a specific program .
0	After you leave that program the buttons go back to the default which in my case is copy and paste .
0	After that 2 hours you can install the USB transmitter and then the mouse sinks up automatically without the need for pushing buttons although there is a connection button on the USB kry and the mouse if ever needed .
0	I like that the side buttons by the thumb work as back and forward on IE . .
0	It has two buttons where your thumb goes a usual left and right click and a button on the scroll wheel .
0	<p> buttons are sure and responsive . .
0	The right and left click buttons work fine . .
0	Incredibly smooth the software that comes with it also gives some amazing features to buttons such as the Flip3D . .
0	Unobtrusive buttons are out of the way and aren't easily clicked by accident and the scroll magnifying features are great especially for all the photo editing I do .
0	The mouse has reprogrammable buttons and I reprogrammed the top left to function as a back feature and the bottom left to magnify .
0	The side buttons are very convenient and you can set them to do many functions . .
0	The second issue is the position of the two buttons for the Magnify and Flip 3d functionality Although I'm using my mouse on a Mac so I get Expos&eacute instead of Flip 3D .
0	However the Microsoft Intellipoint software included and available for download will let you configure the side buttons to swap the buttons' functionality or even change them entirely .
0	The secondary set of buttons has been redesigned and they are now to me a bit harder to use but this might just be a matter of getting used to them .
0	The position of the buttons doesn't feel quite as nice to me but I have still easily been able to use the back button without any real problems .
0	What more can you ask for The thumb buttons are a bit small and need some getting use to but do not justify a point subtraction .
0	This is the best mouse i've ever had its accurate fits my hand perfectly the buttons are programmable and BEST of all its rechargeable and comes with a docking base that recharges the battery everytime you place the mouse on it . .
0	Additionally MS7000's 5 buttons are easy to program to any office or gaming function you choose at any setting . .
0	I game and yes it's different to reach these side buttons but not difficult . .
0	I'm adjusting to the slightly different position of the thumb buttons they are positioned higher and at a different angle than my old mouse .
0	button placement of the two side buttons only one is in a position for me to use effectively and that is just barely reachable .
1	The only problem I have is the extra buttons are a little akward to reach at first but once you get used to them they are not a problem .
0	There are many user customizable buttons making it a very versatile mouse .
0	I love this model because it isn't small and thus my hands don't cramp up trying to awkwardly hit those buttons .
1	The side buttons although I don't know why they are just not as easy to use .
0	The buttons are all well placed and gamers will appreciate the ease of use of these extra buttons . .
0	There are two new buttons Thumb front and Thumb back .
1	My ONLY other annoyance with it is the left side navigation buttons that are oddly small and positioned in a weird location for simple use as compared to my older and nearly perfect Microsoft wired Intellimouse Explorer 4 0 USB 5 button mouse .
0	There are two main buttons and the scroll wheel is also a button .
0	In addition two small buttons are near the thumb area but they are so small that I didn't notice them until I was counting buttons for this review .
0	The buttons feel natural although on the side buttons do require a little bit of a stretch with your fingers .
0	You can also set up a magnifier window macro editor application switcher and a whole host of other functions on the available buttons . .
0	Oddly the help file makes no mention of either the mouse power button or the three arcs buttons on the mouse and USB transceiver .
0	Con It does not have forward and backward buttons . .
0	For the most part it is simple design with old school functionality it does feature a couple of extra buttons for tasks like forward and back but the placement of these is not perfect for me they are little too far back above the thumb rest . .
0	It automatically downloaded and installed a program from MS to customize the buttons .
0	It will even customize the buttons for specific programs .
0	Touch scroll vertically is divided into 3 buttons each of which is adjusted .
0	It has the solid state mouse buttons and not the non intuitive touch gestures that the touch mouses have . .
0	It has 5 programmable buttons more than most mice .
0	The button customization is gloriously flexible even if the top and bottom buttons take some practice to use reliably . .
0	The buttons are nice stiff and responsive . .
0	The mouse clearly has 3 mice buttons but is actually a 5 button mouse . .
0	The 1 12 buttons feel good not easy to hit or unpredictable . .
0	As for the 2 buttons by the pointer finger I never use those they are not very well placed and more of a stretch most of the time I forget theyre even there .
0	The 2 main mouse buttons have slight grooves in them for your fingers which adds some comfort as does the large bump on the right side of it for your ring finger .
0	I have a power mapped to each of the buttons and I rarely confuse them sometimes going to hit 12 I hit 9 .
0	The 2 buttons on the edge of the left click button are a tad awkward to get to but at least you wont accidentally hit them and if you need to press them it's easy enough to .
0	Pros The number buttons on the side of the mouse are incredibly useful .
0	Two the extra 2 buttons near the left mouse button are pretty much useless depending on how you hold your mice .
0	The only thing I didn't care for about my Naga's ergonomics was the location of the buttons on the side immediately to the left of the left click button and now I see they have relocated these buttons to the top of the mouse in the new 2012 model so I ordered that one today for my home computer .
0	Before this mouse I had a Logitech mx510 which I used for 7 years and it never failed me but I needed more buttons on the side for my MMO games .
0	Fast forward to 2012 and I decided it was time because Guild Wars 2 was coming out and playing the beta made it official for me that I needed more buttons on my mouse in order to enjoy the game fully .
0	This mouse is very comfortable and it seems to be made for smaller hands so if you have a huge hand it might be a little difficult to press the buttons on the side .
0	All the buttons works really well aside from buttons 10 12 which are a little difficult to press but other than that it's great . .
0	The 2 buttons on the left of the left click are a little hard to press in the heat of battle but it's works great if you use it for like opening menus within the game .
0	17 Buttons This is unheard of for any other mouse of this caliber .
0	This mouse works great the side buttons are very useful and the software to manage them works well and is easy to use . .
0	Buttons 1 6 on the side are pretty easy to press with your thumb but the others aren't as usable .
0	I don't like the placement of the forward and back buttons you have to use your index finger which feels unnatural .
0	It took awhile to get used to the 12 buttons on the side but now I can't game without them .
0	He feels it helps him to select options much easier with the side buttons . .
0	However they do include trainers that make it much easier to reach the buttons only problem with these is that they fall off pretty easily and add this sticky residue to the buttons . .
0	I tend to push my mouse around more often than not which may explain why I don't tend to have issues hitting the buttons on the side so I also prefer having a heavier mouse . .
0	I'd give it another star if the back buttons 10 12 were a bit easier to press .
0	There are up to 17 programmable buttons on this mouse which makes it so that a skilled enough gamer could almost eradicate the use of their keyboard in game which is pretty crazy .
1	This is only a small con though since the existence of the buttons themselves is already exponentially faster than pressing the numbers on your keyboard once you get used to it .
0	The top buttons are pretty standard as far as a mouse goes and the ergonomic design makes it fit perfectly into your hand assuming that you're right handed . .
0	However the number pad is the real star of the show with twelve side buttons that can correspond to your number key or side number pad keys .
0	I have large hands being 6'2 it happens and i had a feeling i wouldn't be able to reach the 10 12 keys but since the mouse makes you use your ring finger instead of thumb for support and grip it frees your thumb and makes these buttons really easy to push . .
0	The 17 buttons on the mouse may seem overwhelming but it honestly isn't .
0	There are 12 located next to your thumb the two standard left and right click buttons two others accessible by extending your index finger and finally the mouse scroll click . .
0	The two buttons are indented they form a shallow ditch in the mouse which is pretty awesome .
0	I personally enjoy these two buttons for going forward and backward between webpages . .
0	The 12 thumb buttons are really nice . .
0	When I use the mouse I always rest my thumb on the buttons and I never accidentally press them .
0	This means that you can still use the mouse like any other mouse but with the added benefit of having 12 thumb buttons for whatever you may need . .
0	I use the buttons 1 9 in WoW and thoroughly enjoy them .
0	What I did to get used to the mouse was place a little trainer on the 5 button then keybind buttons 1 9 to spells .
0	With a trainer on 5 I can quickly tell what button I am at and it really helps to get adjusted to all of the buttons .
0	Also for WoW I had keybindings for Shift 1 9 and Alt 1 9 so in total I turned those first nine thumb buttons into 27 keybindings .
0	When I use the tip of my thumb it can be difficult to reset my thumb and remember the layout of the buttons .
0	The two buttons on top are gravy . .
0	Either because of the accuracy or the buttons it was a total rebirth to my gaming experience .
0	Lit Razer logo On the main body where the palm rests there's a razer logo but it's not lit like the buttons and the scroll wheel is . .
1	Also the two top buttons SHOULD be lit . .
0	great mouse but not enough buttons so then i figured i would give the naga 2012 a try . .
0	Razer was kind enough to include trainers These are little squishy buttons that you place on the button so you can get use to them .
0	Pluses Light glide ergonomic lots of buttons one or two year warranty forget which .
0	Negative Documentation took some plowing through before it became apparent that the buttons were actually programmable versus being mapped predefined keys number row across the top of the keyboard or the number pad .
0	I ended up programming two of the extra buttons to support the back and forward effectively making it a 12 button mouse for me . .
0	i use to be a clicker but this mouse took care of that 17 programmable buttons and even more if you add like shift or alt with the binding so it can be more a great gift for any pc gamer .
0	The buttons are easy to use . .
0	The buttons press with a perfect amount of pressure . .
1	The 2 top buttons are a bit hard to get to in a pinch so I use those for non critical functions Mount autorun . .
0	I'm the kind of guy who likes to use the mouses thumb buttons for many of my attacks .
0	Before I would use alt ctrl shift for modifiers on my Logitech MX518 with its 2 thumb buttons .
0	The Razer Naga is a great mouse with 17 programmable buttons via the Razor Synapse . .
0	<p> Buttons are a great size not too small or big and easy to press . .
1	The only issue I do have with the mouse is that the two top left side buttons are a little awkward but they don't get used much and there are lots of alternative buttons . .
0	At first I was hesitant of so many mouse buttons thinking it would be easy to get confused between one function and another .
0	I admit I had to keep looking down at the buttons to make sure it was the right action .
1	The top buttons on the left are in a bad placement . .
0	Still the side buttons more then make up for it when programmed properly .
0	My intentions were to be able to bind all my skills to the side buttons and only have to lift my hand off of movement keys to type .
0	All buttons are fully customisable using the profiler software that comes with it .
0	Included are trainers that can be added to the side buttons to help you develop the muscle memory for them .
1	My only real complaint is that it does not have preset dpi on the fly buttons .
0	If you want to utilize this ability then you have to sacrifice two buttons on the mouse that could be used for other functions .
0	After installing the software and firmware it gave me five programmable buttons .
0	The 12 buttons on the side are easily accessible and easy to tell which is which by feel or sight due to the glowing numbers on them as well as raised edges on the 456 row and 101112 row as well .
0	Buttons on the side easily adapted to and makes mmo's so much more enjoyable .
0	There are 5 mouse clicks and 12 keypad buttons all of which work great . .
0	Looking at the pictures you'd think it was just a DeathAdder with 12 buttons .
0	I personally find the 1 3 buttons to be the most difficult to reach sure 10 12 take a slight adjustment in hand position but for 1 3 I have to extend my thumb fully in order to reach them this causes me to lay my thumb flat which gives me less confidence when pressing buttons .
1	I see little problem with the 2 extra buttons near the front of the mouse some people seem to dislike their location but I find them rather easy to hit .
0	1 I did not want to use the mouse as my primary action button i still wanted to use my left hand to press say 1 6 and use the mouse buttons to press 8 = and while the stock addon did eventually allow me to do this it was not intuitive by any means .
0	2 I got this mouse so that I would be able to stop having to take my hand off my main rotation buttons .
0	The mouse did that for me however there are a whole bunch of other buttons on the mouse that I can really use due to the same issue in order to use almost half the buttons I would have to reposition my hand which in the middle of a boss fight or pvp might mean death .
0	The browsing buttons were a bit hard to get used to so i used the enclosed stickies for a week till my hand remembered where to press now it's a breeze .
0	That and my desire for more buttons on my mouse led me to the Naga . .
0	That digit is nearly always neglected in computing and while the Deathadder did give it two buttons to fiddle with my thumb was still left bored .
0	The longer I had the mouse the more I used it's fantastic array of buttons and the more I was able to essentially one hand game leaving my other open to activate Vent to yell at someone standing in the fire or to type out a message while killing someone simultaneously . .
0	I have never once had connection activation macro latency or sticking issues with the mouse or ANY of the large about of buttons irregardless of the redidiculus number of oftentimes too hard presses I have etched out on it over the last year .
0	It's super comfortable and the buttons on the side are great for games . .
0	The 2 buttons on the top of those mouse however are almost impossible to press because they're way too much to the side but I wasn't going to really use those anyway . .
0	Also you have the option to turn on the lighting for the logo and the buttons .
1	The lighting for the logo part of the mouse is great but when I turn on the lighting for the buttons they get really hot and it's uncomfortable . .
0	The buttons have a nice feel and even with big sausage fingers I was able to just click one at a time . .
0	So now I use a combination of the keyboard and mouse buttons .
0	Only using about 6 out of the 12 buttons for things like Health Potions Speed Potions Mounts . .
0	If I were building this I would probably remove the bottom 3 buttons on the side and make the rest bigger that's my only real issue .
0	I honestly love this mouse perfectly fits in your hand has a LOT of buttons on the side that you can configure .
0	They also updated the drivers and software for it recently which allows you to change all of the buttons and some other things .
0	Love the 17 buttons on the mouse as I'm an avid gamer and it gives me all the macros at my fingertips .
0	As mentioned in some of the other reviews there is a slight learning curve however it didn't take long to adapt and the gel indicators made navigating the buttons very effortless . .
0	Aside from the trademark Razer sensor and response time the Naga features 17 buttons 12 of which are on the mouse's button grid on the left side which can be configured in a variety of ways using the driver software .
0	Although the Naga launched with somewhat limited customizability for the 12 grid buttons which was a big complaint amongst MMO players the latest driver firmware allows you to fully configure the buttons including recording key press macros .
0	Razer includes training bumps I'm not sure what else to call them which can be attached to the grid buttons to train your thumb for placement .
0	I attached mine to the 2' 8' and a smaller one to the 12' buttons and was able to get fairly comfortable with the grid layout after about 4 hours of play .
0	By default each of the grid buttons on the Naga are assigned to your 1 0 and = keys just as they appear at the top of your keyboard and are listed from 1 through 12 on the mouse .
0	Realizing this I changed my Naga's grid to use macros of CTRL 1 CTRL 2 CTRL 3 and so on these are my buff buttons and although they are used often most have a cool down of between 30 and 120 seconds so it works out perfectly for this kind of setup .
0	Considering you can configure the buttons using macros this mouse makes a lot of sense not only for MMO gamers but PC gamers in general .
0	The mouse is precise and has plenty of mappable buttons .
0	<p> plenty of buttons for macroing .
0	Fell out of mmo's but doesn't mean i can't utilize the buttons for other games .
0	however the bottom buttons i cant use 10 11 12 I think they should just get rid of them but i dont know .
0	There are 12 buttons on the left side that represent a keyboard layout and there's a switch on the button to switch the emulation for the numpad to the top number keys .
0	You'd think you'd hit these buttons constantly while resting your thumb on them but surprisingly you don't .
0	The buttons are just solid enough that light or moderate pressing won't press them down . .
0	It comes with 'trainers' that you can stick on the buttons for easier finger placement . .
0	Third the buttons are very sensitive . .
0	Multiple buttons wireless or wired is nice Recharges battery for you .
0	The other buttons on top of the mouse will again take time to get used to . .
0	The number buttons are all easy to reach and press . .
0	You may have to adjust your hand slightly to hit the bottom row buttons 10 12 but this won't effect your performance at all trust me this mouse is very well designed you won't be disappointed .
0	All you really need to bind are the 2 extra buttons next to the left button .
0	The buttons on the side are just wonderful although the two directly to the left of the left mouse button are unreachable for me .
0	The first few times I used this mouse my hand protested a bit and I wasn't used to the huge number of buttons on the side but after a week or so I really really like it .
0	I still don't use ALL the buttons but quite a few and my hand doesn't hurt at all even after spending far too much time playing ^_^ .
0	The 12 programmable buttons are in a good spot for your thumb but I'm not a fan of the default back and forward buttons up next to the primary buttons . .
0	the only real problem I have with this mouse is the two added buttons next to the left finger button .
0	<p> Bigger buttons with different texture would be helpful as well as moving one button to another location can solve this problem and easily earn the 5th star .
0	I was uncomfortable at first but it got extremely easy over time and is no issue reaching all the buttons now . .
0	Great mouse i know it looks like it would be uncomfortable pressing all the buttons but within a day i was using everyone with ease Yes the back buttons meaning buttons 10 12 look like they would be in a bad position but they r perfectly fine were they are th grip and ease of slide of this mouse is crazy heres link for razer's website page for this mouse .
0	It has 17 buttons which for heavy gaming is completly necesary Very user friendly software and it's very confortable to hold for hours .
0	<p> Buttons are placed well to be easily reached for on the fly situations . .
0	The only downside of this mouse is a few of the buttons are in difficult places to access .
0	Nicely Razer has supplied trainers little sticky nubs that can be affixed to the buttons on the grid so you know where your thumb is resting .
0	Depending on how your hand rests on it only about nine of the extra buttons are easily in reach .
0	The extra two buttons and the top of the mouse are also a bit hard to reach for me . .
0	So what's it like after you adjust to it After a few days of use I found myself using the extra buttons more and more .
0	I switched the mouse to represent the number pad as opposed to just the 0 1 2 etc keys since I can easily press the number keys and the whole point of the mouse is access to more buttons .
0	Having all of the extra buttons is excellent for situational skills like crowd control or extra ones used primarily for PvP . .
0	The two index finger buttons work for Healbot . .
1	I've read that people have trouble with the two index finger buttons because they're awkwardly placed .
0	I put Remove Curse and Abolish Poison in mine and those buttons have saved many lives .
1	The little 'stickies' don't last and when they come off they make the buttons feel unpleaseant .
0	it has 17 buttons regular left and right click scroll button and 2 more on the side of the left click button and a number pad 1 12 that you can use with your thumb . .
1	I found the 2 buttons on the side of the left click somewhat useless they're hard to use and not so practical .
0	I'd say im only using 10 11 buttons out of 17 but my gaming experience is better after using this mouse .
0	This is a fantastic mouse for use with any game that requires 12 buttons that can be used as either the number row or the numeric pad .
0	The thumb buttons work great and I still miss them but . .
0	I got really used to having the the thumb buttons but sadly I had to return the mouse due to the pain .
0	Problem with the software is that there is no way to put macros on the buttons .
1	My only complaint was that the mouse buttons where too sensitive on the left click . .
0	I'd recommend this if you prefer a light touch to the mouse buttons but for myself the G500 wins .
0	I have to use alot of applications and key commands for my work programming each of the 12 buttons to the certain applications has cut down my work time in half .
0	You could easily program you buttons for any game For example for BF3 I have my number row key programmed on the mouse so instead of reaching the numbers on the keyboard I just use the mouse buttons .
0	TLDR I use the 12 uttons for work applications photoshop flashplayer all that jazz good ergonomics steep learning curve nice feel and nice lighting . .
0	All the buttons on the thumb pad are pretty easy to reach with a little practice and i'm sure i'll get used to the new settings i set up in no time .
1	The two buttons on the side of the left mouse button are kinda awkward so i placed keys i barely use .
0	I was skeptical about actually wanting this mouse said I have my buttons bound I do not need one I also have small hands and was a little worried about sizing .
0	The ergonomics are excellent the two buttons for forward back are a bit cumbersome but nothing out of this world they work fine for everyday computing . .
0	The 12 buttons are great and the last three 10 11 12 are a bit hard to press but still doable and after a while you get used to it . .
0	The fact that this has 14 more buttons than a normal mouse does seem like a bit of overkill but on the contrary the extra buttons can come in very handy at times .
0	With the drivers I installed after downloading online so i got the most up to date version I was able to create macros that helped speed up some of the tasks I do for example i set some buttons to page through excel spreadsheets faster . .
0	Not only was it a more expensive mouse but whole idea of having 4 rows of buttons was a bit out there .
0	The buttons takes a tad bit too much force to click but I'm assuming this is in order to prevent mis ticks .
1	The two buttons on the left click I have severe trouble reaching them .
1	With all the buttons and curve within the design it leaves a lot of room for dirt to build up .
0	My only complaint would be the two buttons at the top  by the left click button . .
0	The buttons and structure are still holding up well after many many hours of use .
0	The buttons on the side take a little getting used to since the 10 12 buttons are a bit of a reach as well as the two buttons on the left clicker .
0	The Naga goes a long way toward giving you that third hand by giving you 12 programmable thumb buttons .
1	Also as others have said the two side buttons are hard to reach .
0	But that's OK as the 12 programmable buttons are enough especially if you combine them with shift or ctl . .
0	It has plenty of buttons on it so while playing WOW or Bioware's new StarWars MMO game I can use the thumb buttons on the side to cast all my spells .
0	As others have noted the last row of buttons 10 11 and 12 are fairly difficult to use so I never use them .
0	As others have noted also the forwards and backwards buttons next to the left click button is in a bad spot so I just mapped them to scroll through my sensitivity stages .
0	With the software that doesn't come with it you have to download it from a website they provide you can change the dpi of the mouse and you can set stages that you can assign buttons on the mouse to scroll through those stages so that you don't have to minimize your game to quickly change your dpi .
0	In the MMORPG I did not like needing to use buttons 1 0 as again it could be tough to go over to the higher numbers and then find my way back to WASD . .
0	Having all those buttons on the mouse has made it a breeze .
0	The only reason to use actual profiles on the mouse is for cases where you want to do something with the two buttons over to the left of the main left click which has not really come up or if you want to vary your default mouse speed which has also not come up so though I initially set up a few different profiles I have not found myself really needing to switch between them .
0	If I had any complaint it would be that those two buttons to the left of the main left button are somewhat hard to use .
0	If anything for the FPS this mouse is probably overkill but the MMORPG makes full use of the buttons .
0	I LOVE the color changing backlight the many buttons and smooth movement . .
1	The many buttons feel rough against my palm too .
0	I use to have my dps rotation spells bound to keys 1 6 above WASD but it takes a lot less motion to use the top 6 buttons on the thumb grid buttons 1 6 . .
0	Using the keyboard keys hinders your movement ability but using the mouse buttons surprisingly does not hurt the mouse moving . .
0	I use the 2 buttons next to the left click for audio up and down but I had to use an autohotkey binding to do it still not sure if it's possible with the razer software .
0	The only thing I would have changed is to remove 10 11 12 and add 2 buttons above the 1 and 2 which is where my thumb tends to be while holding the mouse palm style .
0	Regardless the 7 8 9 buttons are easily within reach .
0	using buttons that were extremely accessible and quick near instant . .
0	The buttons on that mouse were not as comfortable and placed in a way that made them difficult to use .
0	This mouse is angled so that you can use the buttons much easier making them very useful . .
0	The only reason why this mouse did not get 5 5 stars is because it lacks the left right middle click buttons . .
0	It fits very comfortably around your hand and the buttons on the side are amazingly easy to use when trying to tank or heal .
0	I will say the upper two buttons to the left of the left mouse click are a bit meh in getting use to at least for me .
0	I was hoping the two buttons on the side of the left mouse button would also be WoW programmable but as far as the addon goes they aren't .
0	There are tons of buttons which really simplifies game play and speeds things up . .
0	I have a fairly large hand but this mouse fits fairly comfortably and the buttons themselves have become second nature after the learning curve that others have mentioned . .
0	Other grips slightly change the angle your thumb goes to the buttons so experiment and choose the most comfortable one for YOU .
0	The buttons are a bit difficult to get used to at first but over time and with experience it becomes second nature .
0	He can now play his computer games more easily by using the provided gaming buttons on the side .
1	The second is that the two top buttons are a little awkward the forward back buttons The third is that people of small or large hands have some difficulty . .
0	It feels fantastic fits my hand perfectly and the buttons are spectacular addition to my Guild Wars 2 gaming experience . .
0	I will say though that it will take you a few nights to get used to the placement of the thumb buttons as they are different to reach them all so give yourself a few nights .
0	don't set them to anything important because about 50% of the time you will hit your left click instead of one of those buttons .
0	They include these to help you adjust to having so many buttons on your mouse much like your F and J keys having a little nub to find your correct positioning .
0	as well it has twelve programmable buttons along its side for faster game play even after my laptop shut down a few times due to overheating unlike the previous logitech and microsoft mice which when the game crashed my my mice stopped working the Razer Naga Epic just came right back online after a short cooling down and restarting period I HIGHLY RECOMMEND if searching for the ultimate gaming mouse Stop and purchase the Razer Naga Epic . .
1	The buttons on the side are all so close together that it makes it difficult to fumble for the button you're looking for in a fight even after using the mouse for a long time it's always going to be hard to do .
0	A friend of mine actually used super glue to glue little pieces of plastic to some of the buttons to more easily sense where his fingers are on the number pad on the side .
0	Also the two buttons on the upper left of the mouse are very hard to hit without also clicking with the left mouse click because they places those buttons partially under the left click .
0	I would much rather prefer that the buttons were at a higher level than the left right mouse click . .
0	Like I said it's nearly impossible to get extremely fast reaction time from any of the extra buttons especially the ones towards the middle of the number pad on the side of the mouse .
1	The forward and backward buttons on the top left are near impossible to hit accurately every time . .
0	<p> Extra buttons are good although I only use 1 6 as the other rows are a bit hard to click for me . .
0	The main attraction are the 12 buttons on the side which allow me to seamlessly cycle through my hunter rotation and mount dismount easily . .
0	With the Naga I can just punch those keypad buttons with my thumb and keep my hand on the mouse .
0	I did have to re map the buttons to reverse their order mouse keypad runs 123 while keyboards go 789 .
1	The only gripe i have with this mouse is the lousy forward back buttons on top . .
0	But with so many buttons on the side I just set up a custom layout for my browsers and explorer so that the 2 and 5 buttons on the side keypad do forward back .
0	Not sure if it will be comfortable to use all 12 buttons on the side . .
0	There's a bit of a learning curve but within a week I was using the side buttons 50% of the time and in two weeks I rarely ever use the keyboard .
0	Now for the bad the back forward buttons are placed oddly and took me months before I could comfortably use them they're also a bit too recessed .
0	The 1 12 buttons feel cheap and should be placed further up as the last three 10 12 are uncomfortable to press .
1	The worst part of the mouse is that it's nearly impossible to clean between the buttons so get something smaller than a safety pin to scrape the gunk out . .
1	The only drawback so far I have seen is training your thumb to hit all the buttons properly . .
0	I was skeptical of my ability to learn and use the side buttons I was a little worried of the many miss click opportunities .
0	Some might fight it hard to master the 12 buttons on the side but I had it mastered a few days in and there are trainers included in the packaging . .
0	These trainers are little silicone squares you put on the buttons to give you an idea of where you are on the pad and they give a few recommended placements to help you adjust .
0	2 index finger buttons don't seem to be recognized by many games and are awkward to press .
0	The right and left mouse buttons are very responsive and the wheel scrolls smoothly with a very nice gripping texture to make scrolling that much faster and more precise . .
0	My hand fits comfortably on the mouse and I have quick accurate access to all buttons as does my husband who has larger hands than I . .
0	I was very tempted however because the ability to arrange your hotkey bar to match the actual layout of the buttons would make learning the keys so much easier .
0	Within a few hours though I am no longer fighting habit and getting used to the buttons being in their new location .
0	Also when navigating web paces the traditional Forward Backward buttons are placed in an extremely odd position near the left click that makes moving the index finger a bit of a chore .
0	The 17 buttons all have a good tactile feedback to them so you know they have been pressed the thumb grid can be keyed to the Number Row on the top of the keyboard 1 through = or the number pad giving it great flexibility . .
0	The only complaint I have about the mouses manufacture is barely worth mentioning but sometimes pushing the buttons on the thumb grid can fill a bit grindy but I rarely notice it .
0	The mouse is very aesthetically pleasing with it's combination of matte and gloss finish and backlit buttons with color change options .
0	There is only one bad thing to say about this mouse and it's the 2 buttons to the left of the leftclick .
0	Even after 3 weeks with this mouse I still don't use those 2 buttons because they are equally hard to reach with my index finger and thumb .
0	However because of the 12 button pattern in the thumb position there really is no need that I have found yet to need those extra 2 buttons .
0	It's so easy to open the keybind mode of Domino's and just run around clicking mouse buttons on my abilites to set the binds .
0	Great mouse for MMO play try it for a week and the thumb buttons are almost second nature .
0	You can set up indicators on those same thumb buttons to insure easier transition if need be . .
0	The left and right mouse buttons are easily responsive and though they feel timid I have gorilla hands so that opinion may be singular the buttons have held up well under considerable pressure . .
0	There are two index finger buttons as well but truthfully they feel like adds no pun intended . .
0	The 1 12 buttons on the side are bit small for me but they respond as well as the old Hewlett Packard calculators and there is a reason people still spend over $100 00 for an HP .
0	The standard mouse buttons are the same in dream like accuracy .
0	The only failing for this and it may be a big one fore someone is that I was unable to get a download of the macro and reallocation software and that leaves it without the use of the 2 top left side buttons that don't do anything that I know of without software and I cant reassign the hot keys on the mouse . .
0	The buttons are crisp and always responds when pressed . .
0	The two main buttons are easily reached and so is the number pad .
0	Occasionally I will hit the one of the two buttons next to the index finger button or the wrong number pad button .
0	It took a few hours to get used to the number buttons but the included stickers allow me to add texture to the buttons of my choice to easily find which button I need without looking for it .
0	The buttons on the side are amazingly convenient for MMOs and I don't think I can ever play a MMO without it again .
1	My only complaint with the buttons is that the buttons to the left of the left click are very awkward to hit and I have unmapped them from any abilities in the game .
1	My only complaint with this mouse is the two buttons just outside the left mouse button are hard to use .
1	The more I think about it though it would be stupid to have two thumb buttons up there and then TWELVE thumb buttons in a different location .
0	the 12 buttons on the side correspond to the actual numbers on the keyboard .
0	There are two buttons behind the mouse wheel .
0	The buttons are great the wired vs wireless is perfect and the adjustments for hand fitting are not just great but they also fit seamlessly . .
0	It's lack of weight adjustment prevent this along with the fact the thumb buttons just get in the way of FPS's where simplicity and efficiency are better than options and combinations .
0	Such great control and the hot buttons are REALLY easy to reach and perfectly placed I got the molten one and it looks great I'm installing the drivers now so I'm not sure how those are but I'm sure they're good . .
0	The extra buttons are truly amazing for MMO's and I could not go back to a mouse with less buttons . .
0	I went to Best Buy and put one in my hand it felt like it had an easy feel and that the buttons would be fairly easy to use . .
0	I don't need all those buttons for a gaming mouse I mainly play FPS .
0	Personally I am in love with this mouse and it's a difficult transition to a normal mouse after having 12 buttons at the ready with a push of my thumb . .
0	My Death Knight's DPS wet up by about 500 just because I was able to keep my left hand open for movement while my mouse hand continued to access the trigger buttons .
0	I use another bar addon called Macaroon which works great for mapping the Naga buttons to . .
0	There is a new Driver update now for the Naga which is supposed to allow you to map all the ingame buttons via the Driver which I may try later down the line if Macaroon breaks but for now I am way happy .
0	He uses it all the time and in fact picked up on how to use the buttons on the mouse a lot faster that I thought he would .
0	The buttons feel great as well . .
0	They say on the manual it takes up to 18 hours to get used to the buttons muscle memory and it took me even less around 10 hours I did not use the plastic trainers that comes with it and they suggest that you don't use them unless you have problems adjusting .
0	I play a warlock and I'm a PvP guy and this mouse really helped me a lot in PvP and PvE a like now I only use buttons 1 6 t y g and alt t these buttons on my keyboard everything else is bound to my mouse I use the 12 side buttons on the mouse and some of them with alt too yes I'm a key bind freak but playing Warlock in PvP is demanding . .
1	Mouse and buttons size is a bit small wish it was bigger .
0	The back forward buttons beside the left click are useless and very hard to press even for browsing .
0	I upgraded to this from a Logitech MX518 mouse with side buttons high DPI etc .
0	Now I'm used to using the side buttons at least for 6 12 and still using left hand for WASD and 1 5 .
0	It takes time for your fingers to learn where buttons are on the side and which is what .
0	Something which general users might find really useful is that you can switch profiles on the fly if you configure one of the naga's buttons to Profile thus giving you access to more macros across different profiles .
0	Good Features Excellent programmable 12 key number pad responsive buttons and click wheel long cord . .
1	Poor Features Two side buttons are difficult to access relatively light weight .
0	I can reliably hit about 6 out 12 buttons in excited situations . .
0	It's fairly easy to fat thumb the buttons and press more than one and this can be a problem at times . .
0	I have to mess with options on each toon to get the buttons to work without modifier keys . .
0	Well he played with it for a while and decided it was just too small for his hands and the mouse buttons were too small for his thumb .
0	I easily programmed the buttons to match the lower left action bar in WoW .
0	one thing about wow pvp is you have to keybind all the stuff your gonna use this little fellah helps you out Learning keybinds on the keyboard can be tedious and time consuming I have been using this mouse for bout 5 months i only use the first 6 but i use my alt key as a modifier so in essence use 12 keys I have fun in bg's and arena with this mouse as i am able to react as fast as i need to with a simple button press I mainly kebind my basic abilites to the 1 6 buttons and then any more special abilities to my alt modifier alt 1 6 I rush around the field like a demon on my prot warrrior pwnning with all my abilities like shield reflect shield bash and charge all at the right time and effortlessly .
0	The wonderful thing is that i still have 6 more buttons to add if i need to and i will in the next few months plus using my control key as an extra modifier for even more flexibility on my healer .
0	the 12 side buttons were already mapped to the hotkey numbers .
0	12 buttons on the side really helps so as I am not stretching my hand or taking it off the mouse for skills .
0	The APM capable with the 12 thumb buttons is fantastic and the lightness of the right and left click gives anyone with good enough control a distinct advantage . .
0	The lasers wireless receiver and side top and forward buttons add up to a heavier mouse than most but IS lessened by quality non friction pads and the interchangeable grip sizes which help support this tank . .
0	first off i just want to say this is a great mouse at first i thought that the buttons would be too easy to press but they are not its easy to operate my only issue is that the ergonomics for this mouse make it ideal for palm grip players or people with smaller hands im 6'4 and 200 pounds so i have big hands and i always play claw style i find the lack of a place to put my pinky slightly annoying the clicking however is very satisfying and i give it 4 5 . .
0	The number buttons are not difficult to use very easy 2 touch . .
0	I love the acceleration smooth feel in general applications as well as having quick access to an addition 12 buttons over other mice in games .
0	When switching to this mouse I recommend not using all 12 new buttons at once with your game it's just too much of a learning curve .
0	Keep doing this until you've run out of buttons or functions that map logically to your mouse .
1	BUT if you take a size extra large glove can palm lift a basketball the numbered buttons other than the top row 1 2 3 ones are hard to hit quickly and accurately . .
0	The buttons on the side take some getting used to but the included training supplies help greatly .
0	I was afraid I'd get confused but the 2nd and 4th row has markers and the buttons are setup up in a way that it is really easy to find which button you are looking for .
0	The buttons aren't necessarily fully programmable .
0	Still i belive in a while i'll get the hang of it and only using the first 6 buttons it gives already a huge increase in gameplay dinamics .
0	The actual mouse buttons are absolutely superb and maybe the primary reason this is my primary go to mouse they cradle the fingers and have a great feel to them . .
0	However do not expect the standard forward backward thumb buttons to be of any use whatsoever .
0	Not only are they positioned in a way that your thumb nor your pointer can reach them but the actual buttons themselves have a very unusual acctuation point and feel so you have to press them hard but there is not tactile bump or sound .
0	The buttons have a very nice feel to them it does not feel cheap in any way . .
0	The WoW mouse doesn't have near the same amount of buttons I saw a cooler master mouse labeled as an MMO mouse for 10 bucks less no backlight the buttons on the side were in odd places .
0	To do this I had to get down on the floor reach behind my pc unplug push keys plug in get back up and scroll through the updater still holding on to the buttons .
0	Another minor issue is the placement of the two small buttons to the left side of the left mouse button .
0	These buttons are not well placed and are hard to use without a lot of practice . .
0	Pros Glides well buttons are vast and easy to press . .
0	who are complaining about the forward and back buttons being on top of the mouse you can reassign them to other buttons . .
0	I wanted a mouse with lots of extra buttons laid out in a logical fashion that would assist in my love of MMORPGs .
0	But I played on and after few more hours of game play the buttons began to become second nature .
0	I would also like to comment on the features that I like about the product above and beyond the 12 side buttons .
0	The two buttons above the mouse wheel as other reviewers have mentioned are not functional for quick skills but they do in pinch for things like bringing up your inventory or a world map which I like .
0	Plenty of buttons and are programmable too I use it for first person shooters mainly and use the thumb buttons to quickly change wepons .
0	I previously owned a gaming mouse with two extra side buttons and their really is no comparison .
0	17 total buttons gives you complete control in any game .
0	The 12 buttons are seen as keys .
0	The back and forward buttons next to the left button are uncomfortable .
0	They don't click like mouse buttons . .
0	12 buttons are a lot to fit on one mouse so I really only use the 2 4 6 & 8 with ease .
0	It is still nice to have the extra buttons as options if I want to try and train myself to use them more adeptly . .
1	One completely stopped working one has a non functional laser portion with functioning buttons and the third has a left click button that has started to be unreliable .
0	My new one will be the original Naga as I CANNOT stand the new locations of the buttons on the top of the mouse for the Epic 2012 . .
0	Being relocated to below the scroll wheel places these two buttons essentially below my palm I have to nearly lift my hand off the mouse in order to reach them .
0	I did hear of another coming out soon My complaints are the lack of quality three broken ones over ~4 yrs is nuts and the haphazard relocation of buttons for the new version .
0	The 12 side mouse buttons are set to the default actionbar bindings 1 through = in game but can be changed .
0	The mouse buttons also work with modifiers such as shift and ctrl . .
0	After about two weeks of use I have no problem getting to any of the buttons although I agree with some others that the back and forward buttons are a tad bit awkward to get used to at first .
0	this is a very comfortable mouse a couple of the side buttons are a little awkward to hit the 9 and the 11 are the two I have the hardest time with but it is still quite doable .
0	All of the button can be rebound with the included synapse software so I changed all the buttons to the function keys f1 f12 that way I can easily hit ` 6 f1 f12 as well as shift those keys and control those keys .
0	I guess if for any reason you needed even more buttons bound you could use alt just avoid binding alt F4 .
0	The buttons give you easy access for MMO's . .
0	Can switch the buttons between normal 1 12 or num pad 1 12 .
0	Fewer buttons but they are larger for bulkier fingers .
0	Same smooth feeling and easy macro able buttons . .
0	The mouse is relatively comfortable and extremely responsive with a total of 17 buttons .
0	You need to get out q tips to clean in between the side buttons . .
1	From RTS PoV the thumb buttons aren't as useful for a quick game but you can bind some stuff to the mouse . .
0	one suggestion to razer is to relocate the num buttons to match the natural position of the thumb rather than being arranged in rectangular shapre .
0	I have reprogrammed the buttons to single keys or to adjust the sensitivity steps .
0	Because of the thumb grid buttons the Naga needs a different motion to pick up and re position without pressing the thumb buttons .
0	Having such quick access to so many buttons will definitely give you an advantage over those that don't have this .
0	The buttons are in an easy to access location and using them feels natural . .
0	Personally I use it to play DDO and I find the 12 buttons invaluable . .
0	He thought he would use all the buttons but a month into it he still hasn't used half of them .
0	Those number buttons are great in any game where multiple hotkeys are used . .
0	Although not hard to use the number buttons they are hard to master .
0	For games where you need a couple of easy to hit buttons on the side this mouse is sub optimal . .
0	However if you mostly play games where you only need a couple of extra buttons there are much better options I would recommend the Razer Deathadder wired or Mamba wireless . .
0	The main feature the 12 extra buttons are fantastic . .
0	I don't like most Razer mice because they're too flat but the addition of the 12 buttons on the side make the mouse tilted a bit which is perfect for me .
0	I used to play with a 7 button mouse and a Nastromo for my left hand and amazingly i ran out of buttons . .
1	Cons its a little small for my big hands the buttons are not to cramped but they could be bigger and the mouse itself could be a bit bigger . .
0	I only rated a 3 5 stars on Usability because there is a LARGE learning curve and the back and forward buttons are in an awkward place .
0	Great for an FPS you can set the keypad to your 1 9 0 buttons so you can switch your weapons with your thumb .
0	The Mouse 3 4 buttons are repositioned to just off the index finger to the left this is hard to get used to but again after a few weeks it will feel second nature .
1	The number buttons get quite dirty after a while .
0	Honestly at first I was scared to buy this because of the negative reviews saying that the buttons break after just a few weeks or in some cases days of use .
0	The buttons are placed perfectly where your thumb sits and the 2 buttons next to the left click are perfect for using stuff with long cool downs . .
0	The only thing that stops me from giving this mouse five stars is that it takes some getting use to NOT accidently hitting the number buttons often resulting in wasted mana and or horse dismount .
0	I also think the two buttons by the left click should be lighted and they should have a nipple or something so I can find them easier by feel the things are so smooth and at the same level as the rest of the mouse surface that they are often hard to find you do get use to where to click after some time .
0	The laser is very sensitive and the reaction time of the buttons are quick .
0	It took some time to get used to using the buttons instead of the keyboard but once configured it was intuitive .
0	Only cons I could think of is that the description was not clear that the mouse did not add 12 additional buttons but instead could replace either the 1 = or the keypad buttons .
0	Some advice to people who are going to purchase or have recently purchased this mouse Remove all your abilities spells on the 1 = when you first attach and use the mouse and rebind them depending on the location of the buttons on the mouse .
0	When I bought this mouse I hoped this would be right for me unfortunately the buttons on the side are a little to small for my hand . .
0	The mouse is nice and fast but please be aware the 12 buttons on the side are small .
0	Picked this little beauty up recently at around the $60 dollar mark firstly I was a little uncomfortable with the sides buttons but after a day or so of use I find it more convenient than using the keys on keyboard and a lot easier to reach more keys in a shorter distance .
0	I would recommend this mouse to anyone who plays games or uses multiple keys buttons on mouse can be bound to various keys if need be .
0	I thought the extra buttons would be overkill but they are all useful .
0	on to the other buttons is a big plus .
0	The two front back buttons are in bad spots for web browsing and are out of reach for any real use .
0	Not a big deal as I mapped the 1 2 number buttons to the front back buttons for browsing .
0	It fits your hand or mine at least perfectly and the buttons could not be easier to use . .
0	The two buttons on the top below the scroll wheel are kind of hard to get to so it looks like the ones farther forward on the side of the wired version might be better for people with big hands like me . .
0	It's still an excellent mouse and the side buttons are great . .
0	The configuration tools are solid as well and let you customize the buttons easily .
0	It has Macros and all the numbered buttons can be changed to whatever key command you would like .
0	The 12 side buttons are easy to use are large enough to not fat finger and they have a great mechanical click that lets you know when you press them . .
0	The buttons are easy to use and even have trainers with them till you get a feel for it . .
0	I am still trying to get use to the buttons on the side of the mouse for gaming but this is one hell of a mouse .
0	All 14 buttons are easy to get to even if you have big hands It comes with a set of stickers so you can put it on your computer case to show off . .
0	being able to bind actions macros to easy access thumb buttons is a great design and it's useful for everything from MMO's like World of Warcraft to RPG's such as Mass Effect 1 & 2 to Office applications and Image Manipulation apps . .
0	Furthermore it takes some time adjusting to the position of the buttons remembering where they are and what does what so think of it like trying to learn the keyboard again there IS a learning curve let there be no mistake .
0	The buttons on the side while overkill are really amazing for this game .
1	The one con I must say is that the thumb buttons do feel a little rough or hard .
0	I still have them bound but rarely use them as thumb buttons are much easier to reach and press . .
0	Third the position of the back forward buttons is absolute moronic .
0	This was almost a killer for me but I eventually managed to train my middle finger to click the back forward buttons decently well although this isn't a task for the weak especially the forward button . .
0	At first it was hard to play with the thumb buttons but Razer has included training tape bumps that can help you get use to it .
0	It took a little time to get used to all the new buttons but once I got them mapped in a way that made sense it totally changed my gaming style and I no longer had to click any abilities .
0	The buttons on the side are a pain at first but you get use to it .
0	There is 17 buttons fully programamble buttons 12 of then to use with our thumb .
0	In the first I got a little confused by so many buttons but after I start to use it with the grid trainer that came togheter and finaly I could manage this beast .
0	The other funtions and buttons of the mouse is exactly what we must expect of a amazing high end gaming mouse .
0	For buttons I can't use the two under the wheel but the twelve on the side are pretty cool .
0	I even use 10 11 and 12 buttons for tasks I don't call often like ALT F4 or go to the next mouse profile .
0	The only regret I have with that mouse is that I can't use side buttons in games which need accuracy tally since it destabilizes my tally due to the way I hold the mouse .
0	The buttons are wonderful since it has dual physical modes all are macro enabled and it has full Razer drivers . .
0	In total 17 buttons to use in different customised ways .
0	12 buttons on the left hand side that can be programmed as gaming keys or used as numeric keypad .
0	2 other programmable buttons on the left hand side .
0	All 12 buttons and scroll wheel are lighted to work in low light or play games .
0	The 12 buttons on under my thumb allow me to use my abilities in World of Warcraft without taking my fingers off the movement keys which make the difference between living and dying in Cata Heroics and above because of constantly moving out of things that kill on the ground .
0	The only drawback is that the 2 buttons to the left of the left mouse button are supposed to be for forward and backward movement but forward movement didn't work for some reason .
0	I probably needed to bind it in my bindings but didn't bother because the 2 buttons are too difficult to press to be useful .
0	The buttons are in perfect reach of your thumb and they are not to hard to press . .
0	At first it is kind of a challenge getting used to the button placement and which is which but after a while you know exactly where the buttons are and it makes life way easier .
0	I switched from using a Razer Deathadder that had a 3 side buttons to this guy so at first it was a bit much .
0	However after getting used to the grooves on the side buttons it has really helped improve my overall response time in PVP and PVE when play WoW . .
0	Also something I didn't even think about but the side buttons also activate your control groups in StarCraft II .
0	All in all the mouse has a good weight to it it feels good although I wish it was a little larger I have large hands and the only gripe I really have is that the top 2 buttons on the left of the left click button are cumbersome to use . .
0	<p> Programmable buttons are ready to go for standard MMO default setup out of the box . .
0	My only grips are I think the right button could be a little higher ~1 2mm and the far left buttons should be higher so they are flush with the left mouse button .
0	Amazing Macro program the NAGA is extremely customizable plus it has 14 bonus buttons . .
0	Using the all 12 buttons on the side keypad took about 2 days to get used to but works better than I could have imagined .
0	The buttons give me more control over my gameplay and I noticed that I respond faster as well .
0	The back and forward buttons are placed sort of together in the same position most mice put just the back button .
0	But the other programmable buttons are cool . .
0	And they give you little stick ons so you cna make the number buttons stand out more which is useful .
0	I didn't think I would use the side buttons much but once I did there was no turning back And yes it has helped my game play IMMENSELY I play WoW and my dps and healing meters went up quite a bit once I got acclimated with this mouse .
0	The programable buttons have very easy set up no matter what online game you play Give it a thumbs up . .
0	Now that the buttons can be remapped this mouse works well for any game .
0	I have found that for my short fingers only 9 of the 12 thumb buttons are an easy reach . .
0	As an avid WoW player I'm always on a quest for mice with more buttons .
0	MOAR Most mice are limited to 5 mappable buttons that my fingers can actually reach .
0	Some do cram more buttons on the mouse but place them in awkward locations that are only practical for infrequently used functions .
1	I had high hopes for the SteelSeries WoW branded mouse but it's built poorly and the thumb buttons are hard to press individually without fat fingering the next button .
0	I've been using Logitech MX series mice that have 8 9 mappable buttons .
0	These are comfortable and the software is very flexible in how the buttons are mapped . .
0	But they really have put a cell phone style keypad on the thumb side for a total of 17 buttons .
0	The thumb buttons will take getting used to and I'm still working on it .
0	The thumb buttons map to either the number row above the keyboard or the right number pad .
0	The 5 main buttons map to the standard windows Left Right Middle Back Forward actions .
0	Razer expects you to use an in game interface to map your actions to the fixed buttons .
0	There is no need to use the Razer addon as the mouse is just acting like 12 keyboard buttons . .
0	Although the 17 buttons are nice perfectly set easy to adapt to and also nice that you can have it directly plugged in or used as wireless . .
1	For me just the last 3 buttons are very hard to access while moving the mouse and trying to push them .
0	The buttons are a little small of course because there are 12 of them I would expect as much .
0	the I have very average good hands and I can tell you that unless you have a severely deforemed hand you will not be able to use 10 11 and 12 buttons very well without causing lots of pain . .
0	Fortunately most of us MMO players that have been playing without extra mouse buttons for years will find have 6 or 9 extra buttons well worth it and more than enough .
0	The action of the buttons goes very far back on the mouse and is increasingly harder to click .
0	if you position your pointer finger higher up u also have an easier time hitting the side buttons . .
0	I originally got this mouse for League of Legends because of all the buttons but I also use it for BF3 APB and many other .
0	There are so many buttons it makes the games easier to play especially if you are like me and use the right side of the keyboard for gaming .
0	With all the buttons all game actions are easily accessible .
1	The only problem I had was getting used to using the 3 6 9 12 buttons because of how I hold the mouse they are a little hard to get used to using .
0	I bought this mouse about a month ago and haven't looked back since then it is super precise and you can find great ways of using the extra side buttons to do just about whatever you want in any game .
0	The buttons are pretty useful if you find out how to use them . .
0	Definitely a game changing mouse 12x7 buttons You do the math it just works .
0	The buttons are easier to get use to than you would think . .
1	The forward and back buttons are not in the best place .
0	It can be a little hard to reach some of the higher numbers on the 12 number keypad but my muscle memory is getting better and I'm able to hit all the buttons I need relatively quickly .
1	A downer is the placement of the Forward and Backward buttons .
0	I must say that I love this mouse for MMOs like WoW and for some programs I can shortcut keys to the buttons which make it easier . .
0	Takes some getting used to the feel but as far as being able to push the buttons on the side and knowing intuitively which button is which took less than a week .
0	Many buttons are useful for MMOs and programs . .
0	Buttons on side a little annoying if you don't use them frequently .
0	Overall I like this mouse and would recommend if you need the side buttons otherwise just stick to normal mice .
0	It feels very comfortable and all buttons are reachable . .
0	My advice is to start small bind three of the number buttons first and then once you have those down add three more .
0	You will be up to all twelve side buttons in no time .
0	there is a macro setup section although this is only usable for the upper left buttons . .
0	The 12 thumb buttons are not fully programmable .
0	for most online games where your 1 to = keys are your action buttons this is perfec . .
0	It will probably take you a few days of toying with your quickbars in whatever game you play to get them to be bound to the mouse buttons you want but the effort is totally worth it .
0	The 12 buttons and when you throw in shift Alt etc .
0	The buttons on the side require some time to adjust but well worth the effort .
0	I'm now pretty much sure of where my thumb is though I still use a couple of the idiot guides that come with for non naga users that's the little rubber stickers you can allocate to buttons similarly to the embossed centre button on some phones as a reminder where you are .
1	As some others have commented my only niggle is the 2 index finger buttons they are extraordinarily difficult to press comfortably . .
0	I don't let this negatively impact my review too badly simply because I've already got another 13 buttons including the wheel another 2 is gluttony .
0	The configurations buttons for the game are so simple to operate and customize .
0	The buttons allow you to bet in poker and use calculator with the number pad .
0	Wicked fast betting You can bind the buttons to double click copy and paste .
0	Pressing the buttons on the side of the mouse can take some getting used to but after a week it becomes seamless .
0	The main thing you're most likely wondering about is the ability to hit the buttons on the side of the mouse .
0	The buttons the side are absolutely perfect for setting guns to in games like Serious Sam where you have many guns .
0	The weight helps stability while you are mashing mouse buttons .
0	Also the two little side mouse buttons are very hard to press .
0	Would have been nice if the two little mouse buttons were raised a little or had a little spacing from the Left mouse button .
0	Other then that I love the number pad buttons on it . .
0	only thing I didn't care for from the old naga to the epic is the two top buttons on the naga epic are on top of the mouse next to the mouse scroll I thought it was comfier to have them on the left top side of the mouse just personal preference but ya not disappointed at all switching to Naga Epic absolutely worth the investment . .
0	The buttons on the side are nice if you're playing MMO's or something where you need all the keys however there is one thing to note .
0	Accuracy is good feel is OK if you don't mind small extra buttons galore . .
0	Had this mouse for 2 days now and so far it works like a dream I'm still familiarizing myself with the thumb buttons but it really isn't all that hard .
1	I only ever have issues hitting the bottom 3 buttons .
1	My only other issue is that if you use Num Lock it makes it so that you can't use certain side buttons if you use the keypad numbers .
0	I've since changed button 4 on the mouse one of the buttons next to the left click button to my auto run instead to avoid the issue .
0	I swapped buttons around while killing monsters until I found a layout that I really liked .
0	Although they can be used as trainers it also makes it easier to use the buttons last row of buttons if you're struggling to get to them with your thumb . .
0	I have yet to use the 2 extra buttons at the top left in a game but I'm sure I will eventually . .
0	And now the best part the 12 buttons on the side . .
0	17 buttons and all are responsive as can be . .
0	But I also don't think I could ever go back to a mouse with less buttons .
0	It fits your hand perfect it has tons of buttons that you can setup for anything you need for them to do . .
1	I had the 9 10 11 12 buttons not working properly on occasion . .
0	The buttons on the top left corners of the mouse are a bit difficult to reach but there are fourteen more to choose from so no big deal . .
0	Very nice mouse it will take a while to get used to the feel but it has training buttons .
0	Would it really feel right Would my thumb really be able to hit that many buttons with precision Would be be accurate and fast enough to play FPS as well as MMOG .
0	The thumb buttons are not hard to reach with your thumb but if you are using the buttons alot you do need to get use to it the back ones are a bit ackward at first . .
0	Pros Nice ergo feel lots of programable buttons nice quality cable and good length . .
0	It has an interesting texture and definitely feels weird when it's fresh out of the box but those feelings pass and it becomes like any other mouse save for the bonus buttons . .
0	The buttons on the side can be configured to either use the numpad keys or the numbers above the letters .
0	the only con I would have to say these have is the position of the two buttons at the top of the left mouse button . .
0	Theres nothing this mouse can't do If you don't like its key bindings or how the 1 12 buttons activate Razer has plenty of addons to help with any issues you run into .
0	I'm using this mouse for Rift as it seems like each time a new MMO comes out you have another 10 buttons to manage .
0	I usually use a more laid back grip with the back of the mouse in the center of my palm but this puts my thumb at the back end of the buttons on the left .
0	So you have to cup the mouse in your palm to have access to all buttons but then the rearmost buttons are hard to reach .
0	The two upper buttons to the left of the left click are pretty inaccessible .
0	I wish those were under the scroll wheel where Logitech puts 2 small buttons .
0	Me being an avid online gamer was drawn to this Naga for duh the buttons .
0	The first reason I give this mouse a 4 5 is cause IMO it has too many buttons .
0	and u get two On Off buttons in the software to have both on or off or one or the other on .
0	There are two extra mouse buttons on the top I set one to interact with characters objects faster . .
0	Because there are so many buttons and me losing my place because of my hand slipping I had to forget about using two fingers up top in favor of three fingers pointer on mouse 1 index on scroll wheel ring on mouse 3 which basically meant I had to learn how to hold a mouse all over again .
0	However doing that keeps my thumb on the numpad and my pointer in position to strike the two extra top buttons when needed . .
0	Speaking of the two buttons they are kind of awkward to hit .
0	I play a lot of MMORPG's and having a lot of extra buttons on the mouse is really helpful especially when I paired it with the Razer Nostromo .
0	<p> buttons are easy to push and the left click is really smooth . .
0	Nothing really except maybe the two side buttons left of the left mouse click are a bit awkward to click at first because they're so small .
0	The other is that the front of the mouse where your palm rests doesn't go all the way to the surface it's curved like ___ so that when you rest your hand in a way that lets you access all the side buttons sometimes it lifts up .
0	Really it's just your standard Razer mouse with more buttons than usual although I'd have to say that if you're mainly using it for action FPS games your money would be better spent with a DeathAdder or Mamba .
0	The buttons are well placed and although there is a little bit of a learning curve almost anyone should be able to quickly become used to it . .
0	They say it straight out in the manual give recommendations and even include some removable stick on trainers for the buttons .
0	Some may complain that the Fwd and Back buttons beside the index finger are poorly positioned and require you to move your thumb but I've found that those buttons are actually quite well placed to be used by the index finger allowing the thumb to stay on the number pad .
0	The unit is great and you can customize a lot but I'd like to have the option similar to the Nostromo Speedpad to specifically map the buttons to something other than the number keys or the NumPad .
0	If you need as many programmable buttons at your finger tips as possible this is the 1 choice .
0	I NEED BUTTONS I have been using an MX610 Laser Mouse for most of this time as it had about 9 buttons and was fully programmable .
0	BUT WHY IS IT THAT EVERY FREAGGIN GAMING MOUSE ONLY IS MADE FOR ACCURACY SPEED COMFORT ETC That's all well and good but any real PC gamer is going to want a gazillion buttons too especially for MMO's .
0	What is the point of making these awesome mice with only 4 or 5 buttons .
0	Look at all those buttons and it works exactly like you think it should I am so happy with this thing I've never felt a mouse move so smooth and it is so accurate and futher fine tuned through software . .
1	I wish it was just a little bit bigger or that the buttons were a little more spaced apart .
0	No Tilt I'm just nit picking here because you really don't need the extra tilt buttons .
0	It has TOO many buttons as it is lol .
0	With this mouse I was able to turn the two buttons beside the left click into mode swap buttons which allow me to change the 12 keys on the mouse to change based on if I'm making a model assembling a model or making a drawing .
0	This should be the only choice your looking for It has more than enough buttons and if you keybind at all you will simply double and triple the button usages . .
0	The left and right buttons are easy to click but not quite as good as the best mice from Logitech and Microsoft . .
1	The back and forward buttons are oddly placed .
0	The back forward 10 11 and 12 buttons are awkward to reach but the ability to macro nine buttons in addition to left right middle click make this mouse worth it .
0	Using square trainer stickers on the 1 2 3 10 12 buttons helps out a lot .
0	I'd actually prefer a Naga with permanent trainer stickers on every button the tactile feedback makes it easier to distinguish buttons and the individual buttons become easier to press . .
0	It's possible to cut the rubber of the training sticker pad with a knife if you cut two strips you can attach them to the 'back' and 'forward' buttons making them usable . .
1	I'd like to stress that the default 'back' and 'forward' buttons are effectively UNUSABLE without this modification . .
0	Razer should change the names of the 'back' and 'forward' buttons to 'A' and 'B' or 'UP' and 'DN' or '13' and '14' .
0	If you DO use one of the upper buttons for 'back' you would want to use the one at the TOP of the mouse not the harder to reach button closer to the BOTTOM .
0	one could hope for as well as rubber stick on pads to help train one's thumb on the buttons .
0	The macro buttons work gloriously . .
0	I had passed on buying this mouse a couple years back because I thought there were too many small buttons and I would have a hard time using it accurately in a high pressure pvp situation .
0	All it took was a little practice and I'm hitting the right buttons without even thinking now . .
0	17 buttons you cannot get better than that . .
0	I have no problems pressing any of the buttons . .
0	being able to map your buttons by programs your useing so its not really a gameing only mouse though that is the biggest lure .
0	the curves on it fit great for the palm of the hand which really makes using it easy its not a bulky item where you have to move around to get to the buttons it all is geared towards the hand .
0	The fully programmable buttons are amazing especially with the option to record macros and multiple profiles . .
0	Some buttons are hard to access from the numpad .
0	Optional wireless solid charging station switchable grips good construction 17 buttons 12 button number pad LED color options etc . .
0	It takes awhile to get used to the buttons .
0	I wanted to use all 12 buttons right away . .
0	Although this is a gaming mouse the number buttons and macro programming software can be extremely handy for everyday tasks .
0	Buttons aren't as small as they might appear in the image very easy to use the thumb to hit the right button .
0	The buttons are easy to press but not so sensitive that they press when you don't intend to press them . .
0	The 4 and 5 buttons took some getting use to because they are in a different location than on my old mouse but it is still easy enough to use .
0	also has many blinky buttons i would recomond to anyone .
0	The side buttons have been slightly tweaked 7 becomes a bit easier to reach the crispy click of 9 and 12 now feels similar to other buttons positioning of the entire side panel has been shifted upward a bit .
0	Things I like For one there are so many buttons and they weren't very difficult for me to master .
0	It says that it's 17 buttons but with the right key bindings and macros I set over 38 functions If you are for leaving button mashing and clicking around a screen behind this mouse is definitely the one . .
0	Buttons all serve multiple applications even in games not advertised .
0	The reference of NUM5 is for the function of converting your extra mouse buttons to correspond with you .
0	Which sucks because it is one of the easilly reachable buttons within your extra mouse buttons . .
0	I did always have a complaint about the original though and that was those two extra buttons on the top by the left click . .
0	With these buttons moved to the top behind the mouse wheel they are much easier to reach while keeping my hand in one spot and with the mouse click it's 3 easier and more pronounced buttons under one finger . .
0	The added ablity to program the side buttons is a huge help using the software that I do .
0	All buttons on the mouse take an appropriate amount of pressure to push and give nice feedback .
0	In addition to the normal buttons on a mouse you have 2 buttons by the left click that are defaulted to being forward backward as well as a 12 number thumb pad on the left side of the mouse which defaults to being the top number row Has 2 settings that you can toggle on the mouse second setting default is the numpad keys .
0	The design is very comfortable for my hand except that you have to get your thumb used to the wider range of motion it has to achieve to hit the buttons which isn't typical in mice and may cause some pain in your thumb until you've gotten used to it .
0	The instructions note that the average person should have to play with the mouse 18 hours and there are training tabs included in packaging which are little pieces of plastic to put on the buttons to help your hand learn the positioning if it's too much without them .
0	You can reassign or disable any of the buttons on the mouse which I'm told wasn't available in earlier versions .
0	This may not be a big deal for even some power users though as you'll likely have a keyboard with advanced macro functions and you can assign the mouse button you'd like to emulate that key or if it is for gaming then the game itself will likely have a macro system in game with modifier support anyway that you can bind to one of the mouse buttons .
0	With the addition of 12 buttons that you can access with your right thumb this mouse is the solution .
0	The 12 digit pad on the one side took only a short couple hours getting used to and was far more simple and easy to jump into using than those gaming mouses where they have buttons in far more odd or complex combinations .
0	I can access most of the buttons without problems the last row buttons 10 12 is a bit harder to reach .
0	The main 2 buttons are great especially the shape of the left one . .
0	With easily reachable and programmable buttons in a lightweight and palm sized design it has become the only mouse I will use for PC gaming . .
0	The button placement is just right too since its easy to press all the 12 buttons on the side of mouse and if you use the trainer stickers they provide its even easier .
0	When it comes to games this thing is quick I've tested it on Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 and it performs like no other I've also tested it on World of Warcraft and the mouse itself makes the game a lot easier since you can press your quick buttons with the 12 buttons on the side .
0	The mouse is very responsive smooth and has an on off button .
1	The only downside is that it doesn't have a backward forward button . .
0	Purchased for iMac as a replacement for the bluetooth Mighty Mouse since the MM scroll button stops working after a while and I have to pry it apart to clean it .
0	I didn't think I'd care but the side to side scroll button on top is really useful . .
1	Only downside I see is remembering to turn the mouse off when you're finished using it the on off button on the bottom is way too small .
0	The included proprietary software has lots of tools to customize the tracking speed connectivity and button wheel customization .
0	For it to have 5 stars it needs a side back button .
0	Tilt button rocks for extra functionality .
1	Only complaint is that on startup it is sometimes not recognized by the iMac though a simple matter to resolve pressing the connect button on the base of the mouse it does take extra time to boot .
0	It is contoured and has distinct wells for your left and right button fingers to rest in . .
0	I used the Logitech control panel to tweak some of the settings like scroll speed and setting the middle mouse button to F11 Expose on the Mac .
0	I like how easy it is to use the middle mouse button .
0	My wrist gets pretty sensitive to button pushing all day so its nice to not have to put a lot of stress on that when using the buttons . .
0	While it worked well enough except for a quirky scroll button I decided that I wanted a wireless version .
0	It works every time has a familiar two button feel and the tilt scroll wheel allows 360 scrolling better than the flimsy ball on the mighty mouse .
0	A few more options for button reassignments combinations would be nice .
0	A bonus to me Logitech doesn't tell you the side to side scrolling button can be programmed .
0	I programmed the scroll button to copy and paste and it works great my USB port is now free .
0	I especially like the on off button to conserve battery when it is not in use . .
0	In addition after maybe 10 minutes of inactivity the mouse turns itself off and disconnects from my computer to reconnect I have to press a button on the mouse and wait for one second .
1	Potential cons for other buyers to be aware of the button is not as responsive as other mice I've had so I feel I have to press harder for it to click . .
0	An install note you may have to push the connect button on the bottom of the mouse to have it show up on the computer's bluetooth setup list .
0	<p> Button pushes have great audible and tactile feedback . .
0	Press the button on the bottom of the mouse while the Mac is trying to locate a Bluetooth device and it will find the Logitech mouse .
0	The opening to press the reconnect button on the bottom of the mouse is so small I have to use my finger nail to press it .
1	The scroll button is quite tough feeling which was my gripe with my previous mouse . .
0	The only thing I don't like about the Logitech mouse is that the software to program mouse button is limited .
0	It seems to run perfect and allows for additional control over special button assignments etc .
0	I'm used to using a five button Microsoft mouse on my Mac tower so I miss the buttons on the sides .
0	but i was able to configure the scroll button click to be the back button so it is ok .
1	The middle mouse button was too stiff when middle mouse clicking .
0	All I did was click set up bluetooth device on the bluetooth icon by the clock then turned on the mouse pushed the connect button and viola .
0	Setup 30 seconds I installed the batteries powered up my MacBook into OSX 10 5 Leopard turned the switch on the bottom of the mouse to on pushed the connect button selected the device in the Mac bluetooth manager and voila The mouse was up and running perfectly .
0	Fortunately the Mac's native drivers can handle the mouse just fine for all its default functions left click right click regular scrolling side to side fast scrolling and center button zoom . .
0	3 On off button to conserve batteries which are included along with carrying pouch .
0	I love that I can turn the nouse off I have bought the mice wihtout a power button an they suck .
0	Of course I can hit fn uparrow and fn downarrow on the Apple keyboards but I'd rather be able to scroll up and down a page with one button .
0	Its very customizable to allow you to do whatever you do on the trackpad with what ever button you want to use for each function .
0	Based upon the reviews I did not install the logitech software and have had absolutely no problems using the mouse with my Vista notebook the mouse is small but I find it very comfortable to use better than most larger mice dosn't have a bunch of extras standard button and a wheel the on off switch on the bottom is a good feature but you may forget to us it on occasion .
0	But the V470 has a real on off switch and a push button connect switch .
0	I didn't install the software that comes with it but it sounds like it could be useful if you wanted lots of mouse button functions .
0	The on off button is a great idea and the mouse connects quickly to the laptop . .
0	Pushed the connect button on the bottom of the mouse and was in business .
0	I needed the third button for use with a Cad program .
0	I'm very pleased and I think this is a great mouse I like the most that it has the on and off button so it saves battery Very fast connection From when you turn it on till you can start using it it takes maybe 2 sec if not less .
0	When the mouse goes to sleep you have to wake it by clicking a button and waiting about 1 second for it to reconnect .
1	My only negative is that the right button seems a bit sensitive and when surfing i find myself right clicking everything but just takes some getting used to . .
0	There is only one thing I really dislike and that is that there is no back button .
1	I think it would be the perfect mouse if it had a back button .
0	I missed having a middle button but since the scroll wheel clicks left and right and I can map those to anything I like I made clicking it right be my middle button so I can open links in my browser in a new tab that way .
0	Still wish it had a middle button though which is why it didn't get the fifth star .
0	It is not too small but yet not too large one thing I have noticed is the button clicks are somewhat loud not obnoxious but it would definitely be annoying to someone trying to sleep in the same room . .
0	Turn on the mouse click the connect button and you should have a connection within a few seconds .
0	After adding the device to the computer it only takes less than 4 seconds for the mouse to connect to the laptop after pressing the connect button on the bottom of the mouse .
0	There is a on off button at the bottom ot the mouse to save battery life when we're done using it .
0	The middle mouse button can be customized with three different buttons 1 scrolling 2 tilt left and 3 tilt right .
0	I leave it turned on always and do not use the button under the mouse to turn it off unless it is being placed in bag .
0	For me the most important feature is the on off button for battery saving and the low battery level indicator .
0	The other function that I like is the on off button when it is not in use . .
0	I like the actual two button setup vs . .
0	The second mouse button is also nice for converted Mac users such as myself . .
0	There are actually a separate left and right click button unlike the Apple mouse . .
1	It use to take me 3 4 clicks to get the right button to work . .
0	I tried the mouse's reset button and changed batteries but neither worked .
0	Using USB Overdrive I was able to use it as a 5 button mouse in OSX .
1	My only complaint is the left click button is not as sensitive as I would like it to be . .
0	It has a third button which is great for a program like Expose the tilt scroll wheel is wonderful for browsing in CoverFlow in iTunes it has an on and off switch to conserve battery life which may I add is yet to run out it has a battery life indicator the software is a breeze to install it wakes up when u want it to and it comes with a microfiber sack for easy travel . .
0	I looked for a long time deciding what type of wireless mouse to get and when this one came along I thought I would try it great idea I have a mac book pro and it allows me to customize each button for whatever I would like from spaces expose to volume on my itunes just fantastic .
0	Also sometimes the left button will remain engaged even though it is not pressed .
0	The MS has an additional side button for those who think having more buttons is better on a mouse .
0	The back button on the left is a bit too small for going back in a web browser but I'm getting use to it .
0	After that 2 hours you can install the USB transmitter and then the mouse sinks up automatically without the need for pushing buttons although there is a connection button on the USB kry and the mouse if ever needed .
0	It has two buttons where your thumb goes a usual left and right click and a button on the scroll wheel . .
0	Through intellipoint program you could customize every button for every different programs .
0	On Off button saves bettery life by easily turning it off .
0	At initial setup the Flip 3D button was rather awkwardly placed especially since that will in most users' situations I expect be used more often than the Magnify button .
0	I set the more prominent button to be the Flip 3D trigger and the more recessed of the two to engage the Magnify since odds are I'll be using the mouse with a slightly different grip for better fine motor control when I engage that . .
1	The third issue is the squeak in the left mouse button .
0	The position of the buttons doesn't feel quite as nice to me but I have still easily been able to use the back button without any real problems .
0	The button configuration worked exactly like my old mouse but it did not copy the sensitivity settings so I had to reset the sensitivity . .
0	After a short time button positions become second nature .
0	Recently the left button has begun squeaking well it's a mouse what do you expect . .
0	button placement of the two side buttons only one is in a position for me to use effectively and that is just barely reachable .
0	I like the MX 1100 a little bit better due to button positioning but if I was looking at other mice in the price range I would be buying the MX Revolution instead . .
0	The MX1100 has the best button layout and then comes the Revolution and yes last place is reserved for the MSFT mouse . .
0	At the risk of appearing snobby if you are using a very inexpensive mouse and have to shovel it across the mouse pad you know push then lift push then lift this Microsoft mouse will seem like a dream in comparison between it's multitude of available uses for each assignable button to it's sleek design reminiscent of the Logitechs the sloppiness will seem a bit more natural . .
0	The magnifier button has it's uses but I already have a hotkey programmed on my computer to change the text size of the page I'm viewing so I don't see much use in this .
0	Well it turns out that the mouse has an internal switch button sensor positioned under the battery when battery is installed that senses the presence of the battery in the battery compartment .
0	My ONLY other annoyance with it is the left side navigation buttons that are oddly small and positioned in a weird location for simple use as compared to my older and nearly perfect Microsoft wired Intellimouse Explorer 4 0 USB 5 button mouse .
0	I've currently set one thumb button to Undo control z which seems like it could be productive .
0	Oddly the help file makes no mention of either the mouse power button or the three arcs buttons on the mouse and USB transceiver .
0	Regarding the other button I'm guessing from the three semi circular arcs that it has something to do with the radio signal being sent but whether it turns that signal on or off or resets it or synchronizes something there's no mention anywhere .
0	This lack of documentation is particularly annoying because in searching for the answer about the power button I had to sort through these topics that describe features my device does not have .
0	We like the side button that magnifies the screen also . .
0	I love the center button function what while web browsing both in FireFox and IE opens the link in a new tab . .
0	I also enjoy the scrolling of the center button .
0	The button customization is gloriously flexible even if the top and bottom buttons take some practice to use reliably . .
0	The mouse clearly has 3 mice buttons but is actually a 5 button mouse .
0	The mouse can detect whether or not you are clicking the middle the top or the bottom of the middle mouse button .
0	They go so far as adding a rumbler to vibrate the middle mouse button as you scroll .
0	Those mice have the ability to switch between the fast scrolling mode and the more precise ratcheted scroll mode through a weighted middle mouse button on a smooth bearing . .
0	<p> Customizable 5 button mouse .
0	Middle mouse button scroll can be finicky but customized .
0	I got it to replace a basic 3 button mini laptop mouse and now I'm afraid to play without it .
0	The 2 buttons on the edge of the left click button are a tad awkward to get to but at least you wont accidentally hit them and if you need to press them it's easy enough to .
1	Two the extra 2 buttons near the left mouse button are pretty much useless depending on how you hold your mice . .
0	It might be a bit quicker for you because I documented it search for Razer Naga Autocad Once that was set up it took me about a month to get the button assignments completely memorized where they're automatic .
0	The only thing I didn't care for about my Naga's ergonomics was the location of the buttons on the side immediately to the left of the left click button and now I see they have relocated these buttons to the top of the mouse in the new 2012 model so I ordered that one today for my home computer .
0	I wouldn't mind an additional 12 button bar but I want my default bars the way they are .
1	The only con is that even though the necessity of some amount of pressure to use the side numbers can be good when you don't want to accidentally push them it does reduce the speed with which you can move from button to button .
0	What I did to get used to the mouse was place a little trainer on the 5 button then keybind buttons 1 9 to spells .
0	With a trainer on 5 I can quickly tell what button I am at and it really helps to get adjusted to all of the buttons .
0	The only downside to the trainers provided is that mine started sliding around the button after about a week of moderate use .
0	I was used to the button layout by then so it was ok plus they give you about a dozen trainers in both rectangular and circle shapes maybe even two dozen .
0	The main problem is that if you rest your thumb on button 5 like me then it takes longer to get to the last row and time is of the essence in an MMO . .
0	The 12 button grid of the side makes casting spells much quicker .
0	Razer was kind enough to include trainers These are little squishy buttons that you place on the button so you can get use to them .
0	I ended up programming two of the extra buttons to support the back and forward effectively making it a 12 button mouse for me . .
0	which is set via switch under the mouse it is quite useful if you want to completely customize the mouse button mappings .
0	The reason I needed a new mouse was because the old warcraft one I had did not have an option in the software to bind single keystrokes to a button .
0	you have to create macros for any button push that is not a number was the biggest difficulty .
0	With all mice I am concerned with durrability because I tend to get into a button mashing trance but I'm not concerned about the rubberised coat or teflon foot wearing out any time soon .
0	This is due in part to the button layout but also with how the mouse is shaped in general .
0	Map the mouse to the NumPad keys then build a 3x4 button bar mapped to the same keys .
0	Each day that goes by I become more confident with the button layout and hope that it will become only more natural feeling in the coming weeks . .
0	1 I did not want to use the mouse as my primary action button i still wanted to use my left hand to press say 1 6 and use the mouse buttons to press 8 = and while the stock addon did eventually allow me to do this it was not intuitive by any means .
0	The primary problem i see is that the Razer can and only will replace one of two action button sets the number pad above your letter keys or your ten key number pad .
0	Determining where your fingers are and which button you're pushing will take some practice .
0	Aside from the trademark Razer sensor and response time the Naga features 17 buttons 12 of which are on the mouse's button grid on the left side which can be configured in a variety of ways using the driver software .
0	The mouse slants ever so slightly to the right to make the button grid friendlier on the thumb . .
0	This means by default your button grid will click the corresponding hot bar entry in your game .
0	There is no additional functionality Razer's addon provides it just has a action bar layout that matches your Naga's button grid .
0	Worse yet in fights that required me to be more mobile I found the thumb spam made it difficult for me to activate the right mouse button and move in a timely manner . .
0	Certainly I don't think Razer's intention for the Naga was to use the button grid in this manner .
0	There are 12 buttons on the left side that represent a keyboard layout and there's a switch on the button to switch the emulation for the numpad to the top number keys .
0	There are two button next to the left button that can be used for anything you want say reloading in a shooting game and ducking .
0	It didn't take long to get use to especially after configuring bartender to mirror the button layout with individual bars for shift and control modifiers .
0	This is serious drift the thing will move across the screen on its own from time to time and seems worse when you are trying to click a button on screen .
0	Want to click that OK button Nope .
1	The first problem I found was that in moving the mouse around without the need for actually using it was impossible without hitting a button by mistake .
1	This second part is why it is difficult to move around without hitting a button .
1	Again making it difficult for me to move the mouse to the side when not using it without hitting a button .
0	All you really need to bind are the 2 extra buttons next to the left button .
0	The buttons on the side are just wonderful although the two directly to the left of the left mouse button are unreachable for me .
0	The thumb button lay out was easy enough to learn and use I did have my doubts at first . .
0	the only real problem I have with this mouse is the two added buttons next to the left finger button .
0	They are hard to use as they feel exactly like the button next to them and they are really small . .
0	Bigger buttons with different texture would be helpful as well as moving one button to another location can solve this problem and easily earn the 5th star . .
0	I was used to holding my previous mice with three fingers on them index on left button middle on scroll wheel ring on right button .
0	it has 17 buttons regular left and right click scroll button and 2 more on the side of the left click button and a number pad 1 12 that you can use with your thumb . .
0	What I found out is that whenever I would move my thumb to hit a number button think of it as a pinching movement between thumb and pointer finger I'd slightly move my pointer finger too instinctively which would then cause me to click the left click .
0	I have since gone out and gotten a G500 logitech and am very impressed with that one especially the macros you can program on each button .
0	The two buttons on the side of the left mouse button are kinda awkward so i placed keys i barely use .
0	This is an outstanding mouse for gamimg as much of the keyboard interactions can be executed by one quick push of a button located on the side of the mouse .
0	After you add the software through the naga website the setting are added to your System Preferences and all the button configurations work excellent . .
0	You can assign different button configurations based on the program that you're using and assign a profile .
0	Stellar button placement with moderate learning curve and included trainers in the box .
0	With the updated drivers you can download you can even save macro's to each mouse button .
1	My only complaint would be the two buttons at the top by the left click button . .
0	Has drastically improved my gameplay compared to a regular mouse or a 5 button mouse .
0	As others have noted also the forwards and backwards buttons next to the left click button is in a bad spot so I just mapped them to scroll through my sensitivity stages .
0	In the FPS it sometimes messes me up to leave the WASD to hit the G button for grenade or to hit a number key 5 or up to activate a special weapon or power and getting those onto the mouse has made my reaction time with those items much better .
0	If I had any complaint it would be that those two buttons to the left of the main left button are somewhat hard to use .
0	My problems are with there being too many settings I don't know what to set some of them at and when I move to click on a button it goes too fast for me and moves over to the next button in the game . .
0	As far as using abilities and dealing with global cooldowns holding a button down for a half second is much easier than spamming it a few times that goes for both keyboard keys and naga thumb keys .
0	It's not overly sensitive so i never have any accidental button pushes or anything and having the number keys right at my thumb tip is fantastic for gaming . .
0	I was hoping the two buttons on the side of the left mouse button would also be WoW programmable but as far as the addon goes they aren't .
0	The 12 button thumbgrid is easy to access with a variety of hand shapes and sizes . .
0	The difference is when you push the button on the saitek it instantly changes to the other DPI setting you have so you could have it set to zoom in and lower sensitivity for extreme easy headshots .
0	can only change settings with the push of a button .
0	The buttons on the side are all so close together that it makes it difficult to fumble for the button you're looking for in a fight even after using the mouse for a long time it's always going to be hard to do .
0	Macro support exists but I was also hoping for a direct way to use the button keys to launch apps .
1	<i> Terrible to clean the button headers internally after a couple years usage . .
0	First one started double clicking left button uncontrollably and cleaning the button is impractical .
0	Overall because of its ease of button configuring since its all keyboard functions anyway . .
0	Suddenly we've jumped light years ahead of our standard 5 button mice to a 17 button mouse .
0	However because of the 12 button pattern in the thumb position there really is no need that I have found yet to need those extra 2 buttons .
0	The scroll button has a stiff yet responsive depression and scrolls incrementally to ease or remove overscrolling during hectic gameplay .
0	Occasionally I will hit the one of the two buttons next to the index finger button or the wrong number pad button .
0	I like heavy mice and this is quiet a bit lighter than my G5 from logitech but this mouse does not feel too light like some really cheap two button mouse . .
0	I was a little put off that the Back button could only be used by my index finger and not my thumb but the software allowed me to easily reconfigure the number keys to work as the back button while still allowing normal operation in WoW by a single click profile change .
0	It took a few hours to get used to the number buttons but the included stickers allow me to add texture to the buttons of my choice to easily find which button I need without looking for it .
0	My thumb lands naturally on the 4 5 6 row so reaching the rows above and below it are very simple but I am still hitting the wrong button sometimes .
0	Your non gaming significant other might roll their eyes at a 17 button mouse but it is an amazing mouse for MMOs or any RPG that uses hotbar combat .
0	My only complaint with this mouse is the two buttons just outside the left mouse button are hard to use .
0	I think it's configurable to be the 3 d one but as used on a button the purpose is simply to flip back to the previous task .
0	The additional UI mods that are available through the Razer website allow you to quickly switch the button assignments in game with just the press of a single key .
0	The possibilities are limitless and I am still configuring my button layouts to make my game play more smooth .
0	The synapse software makes programming macros and all the side button functions extremely easy . .
0	Every button on the mouse can be remapped to a key of your choice .
0	Using WoW's interface I assigned each box in the row a key and then using Razer's Configurator I matched the key to the button .
0	one thing about wow pvp is you have to keybind all the stuff your gonna use this little fellah helps you out Learning keybinds on the keyboard can be tedious and time consuming I have been using this mouse for bout 5 months i only use the first 6 but i use my alt key as a modifier so in essence use 12 keys I have fun in bg's and arena with this mouse as i am able to react as fast as i need to with a simple button press I mainly kebind my basic abilites to the 1 6 buttons and then any more special abilities to my alt modifier alt 1 6 I rush around the field like a demon on my prot warrrior pwnning with all my abilities like shield reflect shield bash and charge all at the right time and effortlessly .
0	I was afraid I'd get confused but the 2nd and 4th row has markers and the buttons are setup up in a way that it is really easy to find which button you are looking for . .
0	Mouse button 4 and 5 are conveniently located just left of the left click .
0	my only complaint is that button 4 and 5 are not very convenient .
0	Another minor issue is the placement of the two small buttons to the left side of the left mouse button .
0	It's button mapping is great and all of them are easy to press it glides well and has pin point tracking . .
0	Push a button and the BBC Code appears .
0	After about 2 weeks of casual game play I am very use to the side button location and am enjoying the mouse . .
0	The back and forward buttons next to the left button are uncomfortable .
0	I have to press them with the right half of my index finger or I'll click the left button accidentally or it feels like I could twist my finger off .
1	The rest are a little awkward and tend to make me click the left or right button when I try to use them which is a little unfortunate . .
0	I play WOW and with this mouse now I use my left hand only to move my character around It comes with these training stickers you can put on the button so you can figure out where your thumbs at and the stickers make it much much easier to press the button .
0	One completely stopped working one has a non functional laser portion with functioning buttons and the third has a left click button that has started to be unreliable .
0	All of the button can be rebound with the included synapse software so I changed all the buttons to the function keys f1 f12 that way I can easily hit ` 6 f1 f12 as well as shift those keys and control those keys .
0	mac related issue > Would be nice if I didn't have to manually open system preferences and the razer naga section for the custom button mappings to take effect after reboot but this isn't enough of a minus to remove a star .
0	For everyday browsing a 5 button mouse works oodles better . .
0	All of my most used photoshop flash and maya shortcuts are set as macros for each particular button and helped me out alot . .
0	I've yet to try macros or other button re assignments .
0	Being able to setup macros on every single button and the profiles make this little treat usable on all games .
0	I used to play with a 7 button mouse and a Nastromo for my left hand and amazingly i ran out of buttons .
0	The mouse itself is amazing its fast responsive and high quailty from its construction with the cable to the button feel .
0	I also love how you can customize every single button .
0	This will help you adjust to the new setup and well as making the button pressing more intuitive . .
0	For example you could have your most used ability on 3 the upper forward most key with a follow up ability on 6 that way the flow of your actions follow the button set up this is opposed to having it 3 then 4 because 4 is on the bottom of the mouse keypad .
0	Those are the forward backward button for browsers and you can macro them too .
0	So I was like those cheap WoW players who always said meh I have my 5 button mouse and have been playing fine for 6 years why do I need to spend $70 on a friggin mouse Then I saved up and finally said lets do it .
0	It wasn't the peer pressure I did fine gaming with my 5 button logitech I just wanted the see what all the hype was about . .
0	Like the button 4 and 5 are retarded that needs to be fixed .
0	Button re mapping turning on and off the lights .
0	The limitless button action is amazing . .
1	This was almost a killer for me but I eventually managed to train my middle finger to click the back forward buttons decently well although this isn't a task for the weak especially the forward button .
0	The programmable keys make it ideal for people who work from home and find themselves needing an extra copy and paste memory button .
0	The only drawback is that the 2 buttons to the left of the left mouse button are supposed to be for forward and backward movement but forward movement didn't work for some reason .
0	At first it is kind of a challenge getting used to the button placement and which is which but after a while you know exactly where the buttons are and it makes life way easier .
0	All in all the mouse has a good weight to it it feels good although I wish it was a little larger I have large hands and the only gripe I really have is that the top 2 buttons on the left of the left click button are cumbersome to use .
1	Good middle mouse button not as good as the Cyborg RAT or Steelseries Kai but better than the RAZER DeathAdder and on par with old school MS IntelliMouse . .
0	My only grips are I think the right button could be a little higher ~1 2mm and the far left buttons should be higher so they are flush with the left mouse button . .
0	Each button can be programmed for whatever switch profile run macro switch to a new custom DPI setting .
0	Over all I like the mouse but there is one thing I wish I could change and that is the placement of the back button .
0	The back and forward buttons are placed sort of together in the same position most mice put just the back button .
0	So whereas before a simple thumb click would give me a back button now I have to lift up my INDEX FINGER and carefully click the back with the finger tip .
0	I use the back button a lot when browsing through web pages .
0	This button placement really screws with that .
0	I'm fully acclimated to the button placement and can hit the right one without thinking .
0	I had high hopes for the SteelSeries WoW branded mouse but it's built poorly and the thumb buttons are hard to press individually without fat fingering the next button .
0	What's amazing is they've done this while keeping the mouse a reasonable size and having all but one button within easy finger reach . .
1	There is no custom button mapping .
0	I have to stretch to reach the upper button and curl and pull back to reach lower button .
0	Takes some getting used to the feel but as far as being able to push the buttons on the side and knowing intuitively which button is which took less than a week .
0	this should not be considered a negative though as a button that was too light of a touch would result in accidental presses . .
0	I would recommend this for gamers even if your only a 5 or 6 button pusher you might grow your skill to be able to use all of the ones on Naga .
0	I'm now pretty much sure of where my thumb is though I still use a couple of the idiot guides that come with for non naga users that's the little rubber stickers you can allocate to buttons similarly to the embossed centre button on some phones as a reminder where you are .
1	My main concern was I would not know what button I was hitting without having to poke around .
0	They are flush with the big left mouse button so yeah makes it hard to click .
0	Would have been nice if the two little mouse buttons were raised a little or had a little spacing from the Left mouse button .
0	got the original Naga about 2 years ago for 'WoW and Aion' took about a week to get use to the button configuration and about another week to not have to think about where my thumb was .
0	I've since changed button 4 on the mouse one of the buttons next to the left click button to my auto run instead to avoid the issue .
0	comes with 2 stickers with the Razer logo a quickstart guide full guide product guide and rubber adhesive pads for button placement for beginners .
0	Although i can't mention the durability of the mouse having only owned it for a week i can tell you point blank that in terms of comfort design and button placement this is easily the most comfortable and useful mouse for a PC Gamer that i've ever used in my life . .
0	great item picked up on set up really fast the 4th or 5th button does not work i did a little research and the rest are the same for this mouse not the number the one of the two up on top of the mouse . .
0	I does take a couple days to get used to the mouse and the button placement definitely use the little training nubbies that come with the mouse .
0	the only con I would have to say these have is the position of the two buttons at the top of the left mouse button . .
0	I always used the back one to talk in ventrilo and didn't want to lose the availability of bindings in game so I tried to use this button and it was just too hard to use while moving around and stuff .
0	Oh and people mention that they have a hard time finding which button they need to press which I find hard to believe .
0	My thumb rests naturally on the '4' button and the 4 6 row and the 10 12 row have the same kind of bumps that your keyboard's f and j keys have .
0	It's hard not to know which button I'm pressing . .
0	This should be the only choice your looking for It has more than enough buttons and if you keybind at all you will simply double and triple the button usages .
0	I had to reorder a new one when my older model finally needed to be replaced after much button wair and two years of play roughly .
0	Each button including the numeric pad can be mapped to a macro and the switch on the bottom allows two different macro settings per profile .
0	Each application can have its own custom profile and you can macro multiple keystrokes to one mouse button .
1	The hardest part is remembering which macro is assigned to which button .
0	With the Razer Naga any awkward keystroke can be mapped to a mouse button such as 5 or 6 .
0	I'd actually prefer a Naga with permanent trainer stickers on every button the tactile feedback makes it easier to distinguish buttons and the individual buttons become easier to press .
0	If you DO use one of the upper buttons for 'back' you would want to use the one at the TOP of the mouse not the harder to reach button closer to the BOTTOM .
0	This adds pressure to the right mouse button on the opposide side of the mouse causing missclicks . .
0	for the gamer it shortens the player delay on useing your weapons and items in game by just having them on the button for the fly .
0	Optional wireless solid charging station switchable grips good construction 17 buttons 12 button number pad LED color options etc . .
0	Buttons aren't as small as they might appear in the image very easy to use the thumb to hit the right button . .
0	As owner of the previous naga I really hesitated on purchasing this mouse due to the redesign of Button 4 and 5 .
0	The new Button 4 and 5 are fairly comfortable to reach I can easily hit 5 with tip and 4 with middle of my index finger lot better than the old naga .
0	It says that it's 17 buttons but with the right key bindings and macros I set over 38 functions If you are for leaving button mashing and clicking around a screen behind this mouse is definitely the one .
0	Setting up a GUI in game button for WoW SHIFT NUM5 click DOES NOT STICK .
0	IT'S MISSING A DAMN BUTTON .
0	So if you're planning on playing competitively in any game requiring full function of your mouse one of the more esssential combination keybinds shift 5 button click is not applicable .
0	The list of options for the button assignment include all the common mouse related functions as well as assigning it to emulate another button on the mouse key on the keyboard adjust sensitivity change your profile or run a macro you've recorded .
0	This may not be a big deal for even some power users though as you'll likely have a keyboard with advanced macro functions and you can assign the mouse button you'd like to emulate that key or if it is for gaming then the game itself will likely have a macro system in game with modifier support anyway that you can bind to one of the mouse buttons . .
0	I had been looking for an easily configurable mouse that would allow me to perform a variety of functions with a simple push of a button .
0	The button placement is just right too since its easy to press all the 12 buttons on the side of mouse and if you use the trainer stickers they provide its even easier . .
1	However the 2 button to the left of the left clicker are quite hard to press and in my opinion they are totally unnecessary .
