0	I can no longer adjust pointer speed .
0	During the first few weeks when the mouse was working I found that the mouse pointer was a little jumpy but it only jumped after it was at rest for several seconds .
0	The 'set point' software causes windows to reset your pointer speed on every restart .
0	I needed a mouse because using the trackpad on my laptop was wearing out my thumb and pointer .
0	The bluetooth connectivity is good and the software on the system allows us to control pointer clicking speed and some other advanced options The size of mouse is medium not as big as regular mice .
0	Tracking is decent it's not quite as smooth as the touch pad and the pointer will stall jump on occasion but nothing that causes aggravation or regret that I bought this mouse .
0	I found this Logitech V470 picky on surfaces more pickier than my old optical mouses Some surfaces like my desk which has a light color non glossy surface worked fine with my old optical mouse but not too well with my new V470 I noticed if my V470 did not like the working surface the pointer became sluggish in motion . .
0	This Logitech is very easy on batteries but it still gives very precise accurate pointer control also frustrating when it's lacking which is often the case with wireless mice without being fussy about radio linking . .
0	A solid black fabric mouse pad worked decently though the pointer would slow down at certain points possibly due to dust and finer movements tended to be frustratingly difficult to make . .
0	The sensibility of this mouse is almost too sensitive I had to reduce the pointer speed on the setting .
0	I've not had this problem but I believe a fix is available from Microsoft see MS Mouse Pointer Speed Control among other posts at http www microsoft com communities newsgroups en us default aspx .
0	I now realize how sensitive the pointer is and it's becoming an annoyance . .
0	There's too much play in the pointer .
0	As for the Mouse Pointer Sensitivity for whatever reason when I checkmark the Control Panel > Mouse Properties > Pointer Options > Enhance Pointer Precision it doesn't keep my personalized setting after I turn off the computer or re boot .
0	But Enhance Pointer Precision helps with the Pointer Sensitivity problem .
0	Oh it has a setting that you can check off that gives it enhanced pointer precision but even though that is a great improvement over the old can't hit the broad side of a barn right out of the box setting on a finer level it still doesn't come close to the efficiency of the Logitech's plus when you reboot the computer the enhanced pointer precision goes right back to un ehanced pointer sloppy setting . .
0	BEFORE manufacturing and distributing a pile of mouse pointer devices that have an error that should be caught .
0	As for the 2 buttons by the pointer finger I never use those they are not very well placed and more of a stretch most of the time I forget theyre even there .
0	The main gripe is after using it for 3 days at 8 10 hours each day it began to give me a lot more pain in my wrist pointer finger and thumb then normal .
0	So I was compensating by keeping my pointer finger stiffer then normal and it just didn't work out .
0	I did try curving my pointer finger back to about halfway on the mouse to find a firmer spot but in reality it isn't too comfortable for the long run .
0	The laser keeps the mouse fast and accurate as far as pointer tracking goes . .
0	The Logitech G5 was slightly better on reliability the Naga sometimes but rarely moves the pointer to the top of the screen maybe because I slightly lift it off the matt . .
0	Not only are they positioned in a way that your thumb nor your pointer can reach them but the actual buttons themselves have a very unusual acctuation point and feel so you have to press them hard but there is not tactile bump or sound .
0	At first this mouse is a little strange if you're use to using your pointer at your primary left click .
0	if you position your pointer finger higher up u also have an easier time hitting the side buttons .
0	Update After a few weeks of usage the mouse pointer just decided to stop working .
0	Because there are so many buttons and me losing my place because of my hand slipping I had to forget about using two fingers up top in favor of three fingers pointer on mouse 1 index on scroll wheel ring on mouse 3 which basically meant I had to learn how to hold a mouse all over again . .
0	However doing that keeps my thumb on the numpad and my pointer in position to strike the two extra top buttons when needed .
0	I usually hit them with the side of my pointer finger to ensure that I don't hit mouse 1 by accident .
