0	This is a more than adequate substitution the wheel tilts to the right or left allowing horizontal scrolling in Photoshop etc . .
0	BTW it does work on games the few I have installed on my netbook at least however the middle wheel is not recognized as a mappable button I think there is a freeware app that fixes that not sure .
0	Option scroll wheel zooms on the whole screen the tilt wheel scrolls horizontally It simply works .
0	This mouse works perfect buttons feels nice scroll wheel very nice and has a very good feel as far as the fist review install the software will fix the scroll speed is adjustable left and right separately it was very slow before installing the software . .
0	the left click the right click the scroll wheel movement the scroll wheel button pressed down and the scroll wheel tilt left and tilt right so I set the click the right click the vertical scroll dashboard expos&eacute and open the home folder . .
0	Mine doesn't go to sleep I actually wouldn't know how to set that up it responds everytime I move it just as I move it without jumping just like the Mighty Mouse but with two click buttons and a functional scroll wheel .
0	I still have to figure out whether the wheel and right click are of much use to me . .
0	The buttons work great and I love the slight resistance of the wheel .
0	The two batteries AA comprise most of the mouse's weight it glides easily the buttons and wheel work like most mice . .
0	It is a nice small size with two finger buttons and a wheel button .
0	This product is great except the middle click on the scroll wheel doesn't work with my MAC Typically that's a short cut to open a new browser window . .
0	I may program the center wheel button to be a back button .
0	The tilt wheel scrolls docs pages side to side under OS X 10 5 2 and everything else works as expected .
0	It's easily configured and you can press on the scroll wheel for another button which I use for expos&eacute .
0	I also like to program the wheel click for copy command . .
0	With other mice I've found that sometimes clicking the wheel will move the pointer off of it's target with unwanted results .
0	Tis no frills mouse has two buttons and a scroll wheel .
0	The wheel will do horizontal and vertical scrolling .
0	There is also a blue LED just below the scroll wheel to signify when it is searching for a connection and low battery status .
0	The mouse wheel is easy to click and the wheel does NOT freewheel yay . .
0	Love the horizontal click on the mouse wheel love how slick it looks and the on off switch is great . .
0	My only complaint is how the vertical scroll wheel feels it has this sort of friction y feel to it when you spin it like it is rubbing against something inside the mouse that it isn't supposed to .
0	Very sturdy buttons work great wheel flips trough page wonderfully . .
0	I am especially pleased with the tilt wheel which does not easily tilt when I push down on the wheel to perform a middle click . .
0	It also has a wheel that can rocked from side to side .
0	This mouse has two buttons a scroll wheel and three position scroll wheel button functionality and that is it .
0	Here you'll be able to map specific command shortcuts to the scroll wheel a left right tilt and a middle click on the mouse . .
0	The scroll wheel is quiet something that always annoyed me with my other mouse when scrolling through long documents and web pages . .
0	this works great for me because i removed the little spring that makes the scroll wheel click so it would scroll very smoothly and accurately .
0	It also has a side scroll where you can push the roller wheel to either side nice The Bluetooth connection also worked seamlessly with my Toshiba NB205 notebook no glitches at all for me there . .
0	The scroll wheel is also a left right scroll for the Mac .
0	Also the tilt wheel scrolling and zoom features only seem to work if the sofware is installed .
0	But the horizontal tilt wheel scrolling is so horribly slow even when it is set to maximum speed that it is unbearable .
0	I would have liked to see the mouse with back and forward buttons but with Logitech Setpoint you can customize the wheel to become those buttons easily .
0	I like the wheel clicks and the fact that it side scrolls which comes in handy on a netbook . .
0	I wanted a mouse that would do horizontal wheel scrolling and this one does it .
0	Does Left Right wheel scrool & center wheel click .
0	The track wheel can be pushed left and right which provides two additional programmable buttons for like page up and page down .
0	The wheel etc .
0	This mouse requires you to push the wheel side to side to do the same thing .
0	The mouse does go to sleep easily and I use a touch on the roller wheel to awaken it .
0	The buttons and scroll wheel are well placed and accessible . .
0	The wheel has clicks which I like .
0	The wheel has sideways scroll .
0	One of the best features is the tilt wheel which you can program to do various function . .
0	I'm on Mac and have the wheel set to go back on websites and folders and the right tilt to do expose .
0	The tilt wheel and zoom are more usefull then I had expected .
0	The software makes it easy to configure the buttons to browse the web wheel tilts right left . .
0	I should also mention I like the feature of the scrolling wheel .
0	I programmed the clickwheel to navigate Spaces and the tilt wheel to navigate back forth between browser pages in Safari .
0	Also the wheel on the MS mouse was flimsy and after a month you needed to push the wheel hard to the left while trying to scroll .
0	The laser sensor works well and the mouse wheel can also accommodate horizontal scrolling . .
0	It's responsive with no lag and even the wheel works on my tablet . .
0	It has a side to side scroll wheel which sold it for me .
0	What makes this mouse great is the two buttons the ergonomic design the scroll wheel that goes sideways and it doesn't require more pricey Lithium batteries .
0	I love how the scroll wheel tilts left and right . .
0	Except for that it's plug and play including the wheel and vertical scrolling .
0	I can resign buttons which is useful when playing games or using CAD software yes I know there are a lot of buttons but the scroll wheel has more flexibility this way . .
0	Tilt Left Right click wheel .
0	The tilt left right click wheel button allows the user to scroll right and left in a window similar to the normal scrolling function of the click wheel . .
0	<p> Smooth scroll wheel .
0	It's mouse wheel can be driven in four directions .
0	Move the browser screen sideways by pressing the wheel side to side .
0	The scroll wheel is very nice . .
0	Good weight was able to configure the wheel button left and right for prev and next page . .
0	The scroll wheel is smooth but not loose and the top shell is perfect . .
0	The shape and size are not entirely to my liking the scroll wheel lags somewhat and the sensitivity is not the best . .
0	The scroll wheel can be clicked down and left right .
0	The wheel has a nice smooth scroll to it very quiet . .
0	I also love that this mouse has side to side scrolling with the wheel .
0	I've taken this into advantage by programing the wheel button to flip through all my open windows and the side to side buttons on the wheel to go back or forward on the internet or windows explorer . .
0	The wheel being able to go side to side is very nice .
0	The scroll wheel works side to side as well as vertically . .
0	Instead of using the horizontal scroll I have the tilting wheel buttons not sure of the technical name set to go back and forward on my browser .
0	My only complaint is the wheel action could be a bit smoother and faster .
0	I love the wheel . .
0	In this mouse the scroll wheel tilts to the right and left adding two extra buttons which I have programed for forward and back page while internet browsing . .
0	This allows me to assign actions for when you push the mouse wheel left or right or click it down . .
0	It's bluetooth and it has a side scrolling wheel .
0	The scroll wheel on this mouse is not smooth like my other mouse was but otherwise I'm quite happy with this model .
0	There seem to a lot of choices for configuring frankly a little too much I did not really bother than adjusting the speed of the scroll wheel .
0	My only very minor complaints are that 1 the scroll wheel gets a little squeaky sometimes 2 the scroll wheel button which I use for double click is a little noisy but still quieter than my old V270 the V470's predecessor and 3 the travel pouch is oversized and made of disappointingly lightweight fabric the V270's form fitting neoprene pouch was much higher quality .
0	Scroll wheel is fast but not too fast it does support scroll left and scroll right although they can be disabled . .
0	Scroll wheel max scroll is 6 lines .
0	Other than the rocking scrolling wheel not working using the default Windows drivers has been just fine .
0	I like how the wheel has a tactile click when you scroll as opposed to many smooth scrolling mice where you don't know if you moved enough or too much . .
0	No more wasting batteries on always on mice I really would've liked it to have side buttons to make internet browsing more productive or to easily access dashboard expose but since this mouse has side scrolling I can customize the wheel to fit my dashboard expose shortcut needs .
0	Buttons like the left & right on the scroll wheel . .
0	The only need for installing the software would be if you want to do some non standard mappings of the mouse buttons wheel .
0	Very smooth glide wheel action and fine tuning is great with the the options in the driver for customizing . .
0	I did have to change the speed of the scroll wheel because it was a bit too slow for my taste .
0	I am very happy with it The scroll wheel does not click which some people like and some do not . .
0	I love this scroll wheel . .
0	The scroll wheel works faster and better than my old mouse . .
0	the scrolling wheel is Incredible it feels like scrolling a floating wheel .
0	The MX can free wheel scroll but you have to click to do so and the non free wheel operation of the MX is not as smooth or responsive . .
0	I'm tickled with a wheel thats has so many good funtions Clicks straight down like button also scrolls verticle and horizontal .
0	The wheel scrolls easily and smoothly . .
0	The default Instant Viewer setting for the wheel click is a unique feature .
0	However using the wheel click to doubleclick is an impossibility for me .
0	Clicking the wheel needs too much pressure to be comfortable .
0	The Instant Viewer click is used far less frequently than doubleclick so a more solid push on the wheel makes no matter . .
1	The other challenge is the round wheel on the top . .
0	There are two main buttons and the scroll wheel is also a button .
0	One thing I've never liked about Microsoft mice in the last few years is the lack of tactile feedback on the scroll wheel .
0	For example in additional to vertical scrolling with the mouse wheel it includes horizontal scrolling when you press the wheel sideways .
0	There is one operational down side The scroll wheel has no clicks or stops .
0	I have gotten very attached to scroll wheel functionality in many of my applications so this annoyance can be significant .
0	Summary Works well with the exception of the non clicking scroll wheel .
0	The lack of clicks on the scroll wheel still annoys me and pisses off others who try to use my computer .
1	The wheel is too sensible that really sucks . .
0	It's main advantage is a touch scroll wheel . .
0	At first you want to disable emulation of a mechanical scroll which creates a sensation like you are using an ordinary wheel .
0	The haptic scrollpad is great it vibrates as a scroll wheel would .
0	I bought this mouse as I was constantly wearing out the scroll wheel on previous mice .
0	This mouse certainly takes a little time to get used to but I find the touch strip is much more durable than a scroll wheel and after a month I'm happy with my purchase . .
0	I use the wheel and the middle click quite a lot .
0	So I wanted to go for something which does not have a mechanical wheel .
0	You can control the scrolling acceleration and the amount of vibration feedback which emulates a mechanical wheel .
0	light beatiful easy operation very accurate very clever way to use the wheel which is replaced by touch strip the nicest mouce i ever had . .
0	For me I'd prefer a wheel but then I'm kind of old school . .
0	My one minor critique is how the mouse attempts to simulate a real middle mouse scroll wheel using a touch pad .
0	It does an adequate job but it is still just simulating the behavior of a real scroll wheel .
0	The wheel is my least favorite part about the mouse while there's nothing wrong with it I mean it is just a mouse id like it to have more resistance it feels like an ordinary wheel which I would have like to see some difference but that's just me . .
0	The scroll wheel also has a nice feel to it and the lights coming through it look cool along with the rest of the mouse . .
0	Also the mouse is fairly comfortable to use and the scroll wheel is reliable . .
0	The keys light up nicely along with the mouse wheel and the blue color looks amazing . .
0	The scroll wheel is good it's your standard wheel . .
0	You can clearly feel the wheel turn in between each notch which is a plus for any gamer . .
0	Scroll wheel middle click .
0	Left Right scroll wheel clicks There's only the middle click on this mouse with the scroll wheel .
0	I've seen some mice with a left right click options for the scroll wheel .
0	Lit Razer logo On the main body where the palm rests there's a razer logo but it's not lit like the buttons and the scroll wheel is .
0	Free scroll I wish there was a switch to unlock the scroll wheel so that it free spins like some other mice do . .
0	The wheel feels nice n smooth and clicks nicely . .
0	3 In WIRED mode not wireless hold down the left right and mouse wheel button simultaneously for 5 seconds . .
0	The mouse wheel is big and rolls easily and comfortable to use also .
0	The programming numbers on the right handed thumb side of mouse along with the scrolling wheel illuminate to the color of your choice or you can have it radiate through a spectrum of brilliant colors as you are using this mouse . .
0	The black material on the sides of the mouse wheel appear to have been glued on but the glue's effectiveness is fading .
0	Every now and then when moving my middle finger from the mouse wheel to the right click button I catch the edge of the material and it peels away a bit more . .
0	A nice touch is that there are LED lights lighting up the scroll wheel the numbers and the logo fades on and off so it's something to gawk at .
0	I also like the ratchet feature in the scroll wheel .
0	Nothing worse than to move a scroll wheel to scroll a list of items you want to choose only to have the choice go past the one you want more than once .
0	My Logitech allowed you to toggle the mouse wheel between smooth and staggered scrolling . .
0	It feels a little cheap the plastic to the side of the scroll wheel peels off when you rub against it .
0	The scroll wheel click is a gem . .
0	Something from the scroll wheel is already coming off .
0	It takes about a week to fully adjust I found they include training wheel adhesive nubs to help you out and your mouse is fully customizable .
0	The right and left mouse buttons are very responsive and the wheel scrolls smoothly with a very nice gripping texture to make scrolling that much faster and more precise . .
0	My index finger does not have to stretch just to barely reach the mouse wheel .
0	I am not much for flash but the beautiful blue glow of the keys and wheel and the fading logo on the Naga are fantastic . .
0	You can use the configuration software to turn the keypad wheel and logo on and off independently if you choose .
0	The wheel is decanted but moves smoothly without any noisy clicks and rattling .
0	The wheel number pad and logo all glow and you can set what and how bright it glows .
0	My Logitech mouse could wheel click left and right which I had mapped to copy paste . .
0	However pressing the Logitech wheel for button 2 click was so bad that I mapped a thumb button there were two to button 2 .
0	No such problem with the Naga Epic it's easy to click the wheel down again . .
0	There are two buttons behind the mouse wheel .
0	Mice wheel has a nice ridged feel for precision control and has a compressable middle mouse key . .
1	The  wheel does not click right and left as like my Logitech G5 did . .
0	Good Features Excellent programmable 12 key number pad responsive buttons and click wheel long cord . .
0	The one problem I had and the reason I give 4 stars is because to update the firmware files actually stored on the mouse you have to hold down RMB WHEEL and LMB .
0	The two buttons above the mouse wheel as other reviewers have mentioned are not functional for quick skills but they do in pinch for things like bringing up your inventory or a world map which I like .
0	Also the mouse wheel itself is solid and functional . .
0	Being relocated to below the scroll wheel places these two buttons essentially below my palm I have to nearly lift my hand off the mouse in order to reach them .
0	The mouse feels good in the hand the wheel is nice and grippy and rolls with precision and I was rather surprised that I adapted to the 12 button matrix so readily . .
0	So if it does go out you have to unplug the cable from the cradle and then plug it into the mouse plus the cable connect is buried under the scroll wheel and a bit difficult to hit in a hurry .
0	The two buttons on the top below the scroll wheel are kind of hard to get to so it looks like the ones farther forward on the side of the wired version might be better for people with big hands like me . .
0	For buttons I can't use the two under the wheel but the twelve on the side are pretty cool .
0	Silent scroll wheel .
0	All 12 buttons and scroll wheel are lighted to work in low light or play games . .
0	The scroll wheel is the nicest I've ever used . .
1	Scroll wheel click functionality is not very good .
0	I don't let this negatively impact my review too badly simply because I've already got another 13 buttons including the wheel another 2 is gluttony .
1	Cons no side to side scrolling with the wheel I don't like the fact you have to logon to the software for the profile with macros to load . .
0	I wish those were under the scroll wheel where Logitech puts 2 small buttons .
0	It'd also be nice if the mouse wheel had a left and right click like Logitech . .
0	they do seperate the Logo lights from the number scroll wheel lights .
0	This mouse looks awesome The blue lights and there are clearly three one for the mouse wheel one for the keypad and one strobing for the logo on the palm rest look wicked .
0	The scroll wheel is responsive with smooth motion . .
0	The scroll wheel is easy to use without being too weak . .
0	The rubber on the scroll wheel offers a lot of grip so I usually scroll with the side of my finger instead of moving the whole index finger over the scroll wheel .
0	To mitigate this I changed the functions of the scroll wheel click and right mouse button click . .
0	No tilt on scroll wheel .
0	With these buttons moved to the top behind the mouse wheel they are much easier to reach while keeping my hand in one spot and with the mouse click it's 3 easier and more pronounced buttons under one finger . 	.
