1	I guess this may work out fine for anyone who uses the internet for no more than 15 minutes at a time or they don't mind unhooking all  and bebooting every few minutes.
1	bought the router 4+ months ago so my second computer could access the internet using Wireless connection.
1	however instead of trying to help me get the wired connection working they insisted again on only trying to connectiongo through getting the wireless connection working.
1	Having just spent hundreds of dollars getting the wiring installed and having gone through the wireless issue for weeks on the phone 4+ months ago I had no interest in the wireless connection whatsoever!
1	The response to the cabled connection not working .
1	Even after numerous manual attempts I cannot get a connection.
1	Unit worked fine for conventional GPS function but would not hold the Bluetooth connection with my cell phone.
1	When I upgraded the firmware to the latest version, the router started dropping wireless connection , rebooting randomly, etc.
1	Problems seem to be in getting wireless-equipped notebooks talking to the hub - hard wired connection to the hub work fine.
1	Linksys was more complex to set-up and seem to be prone to dropping connection ; therefore, everyday performance was consistently unreliable.
1	It will drop connection from computers and will refuse new connection , even while others are still connected.
1	I had hoped that the LinkSys would offer me a simplified mannerof sharing my Cable connection on my LAN, and offer me more controland ease of configuration with server side applications I occasionallyhost.
1	00 new so I will say when I first got it it worked great until I reset it to because I forgot my password for my wireless connection.
1	But, I really needed to install the software in order to turn off wireless feature (for security) and/or put in password so neighbors could not hi-jack my connection.
1	1/ interface and they got my Internet connection to work, but they could not solve my wireless connectivity issues, even after several phone calls and talking to several support staff.
1	On the good side, our wireless  connection have gone from weak  and good on our old router to very good and excellent now on this router.
1	It is already broke and the connection is slow .
1	Plus: easy setup, great parental controls, fairly good wireless coverage Minus: both the wired and wireless connection dropped intermittenly .
1	I can be in the middle of surfing, playing games over the net or even mid-download, the DHCP server will attempt to renew and drop the internet connection .
1	My connection seemed okay, but the configuration manager said it was flaky.
1	It's just not worth having a connection that (.
1	I also had a problem maintaining a cable internet connection in my 3-PC network, running Windows XP.
1	Fed up with Linksys, I went to CompUSA (sorry Amazon, but we needed our internet connection to work right away!
1	It would randomly drop its connection back to the wireless router it was connecting with.
1	Sure the signal was stronger after i installed the Range Expander, but it was less reliable do to all the dropped connection .
1	I kept getting "Network Cable Unplugged" messages from Win2k which fumbled around but almost always got a reconnection.
1	In the mean time, I'll buy a different router like the Buffalo WZR-RS-G54 with 64 megabytes of RAM and 8 MB flash (plus an amazing built-in PPTP VPN server that supports client-to-LAN as well as LAN-to-LAN connection).
1	3) I upgraded to the latest firmware as of Nov 2008, still tons of issues, it works after I reboot cleanly for 5 mins or so, then wireless connection keep falling very frequently especially if I'm using more than 1 wireless or wired connection, also my PS3 and Vonage were not performing as well as before.
1	Switched everything to G and still it drops the connection with any mid / heavy wireless usage pattern.
1	likely those who like it have a single connection or not using /n  in this case I advice them to save the money and go for a different router.
1	I ordered this router to replace a 2yo rangemax that had suddenly started randomly losing connection , which i've since learned is a commonly noted problem with rangemax.
1	The instructions for doing this were very very poor and for no reason the maps stopped loading a few times and while it did not take 8 hours, it did take 3 hours on a rather decent connection speed.
1	At this point, you can plug things in, and the  connection is up and down  every few minutes.
1	The largest problem/issue I have is that it will randomly just drop the connection .
1	I can't notice any difference - except it used to drop my connection several times an hour!
1	Here is what the features section says RE wireless speed: Faster Wireless Networking - The DIR-655 provides up to 300Mbps* wireless connection with other 802.
1	There were a few times it would either drop my laptop or my desktop if I was using both and had to reboot the router to regain connection <i>.
1	This thing locks up constantly and brings my internet connection down every time, something Linksys is obviously aware of because they address it in the users manual -- Push the reset button and things'll clear right up.
1	But leaving my computer to turn on my internet connection is a little like going to the kitchen to turn on the bedroom light -- Just plain stupid, and definitely not worth the money.
1	But I really wanted a wireless connection I could use with my work laptop so I could use the VPN and connect to my office network.
1	If you can stay within fifty feet or so, you'll get a pretty robust, stable connection and be quite content with this product.
1	A couple days after that, all the WiFi-connected PCs lost Internet connection (although they still had LAN connectivity), yet the Ethernet-connected PCs did not lose the Internet.
1	The router drops connection regularly on the new Dell and does not connect at all with the other 2 machines.
1	Like many others, the internet connection on my system was being dropped every 10 minutes.
1	I ran through the install routine provided and got  no Internet connection .
1	Before installing this, I had about a 10% signal at any given time, and it would take about 2 minutes to download 10 megs or so, which is REALLY slow given my cable connection.
1	The sacrifice, however, is that any connection from this extended ranged will be slower than normal.
1	And it constantly drops wireless connection (with optimal placement and configuration where other wifi routers shine).
1	I digged a little deeper and found the computer that's hard wired to the router is always fine, but the other computers, iPhone, Droid, would  drop the connection  frequently.
1	(Detail: I would get a wireless connection to the router but could not get DHCP addresses.
1	Version 4 will allow high-speed connection as will version 6 (to be released - according to the company).
1	Tonight, I got home and the wireless connection would not work right.
1	It is OK if you have a direct cable/DSL connection and you don't have to wory about VPNs or web proxy servers settings in your browser.
1	Range is acceptable-good, and the connection speed is perfectly acceptable.
1	Then, it always droped connection even if the router was placed next to my computer.
1	Both routers I tried were Version-B; however, even though the wireless connection showed 11mpbs, 100% signal strength (since I was only 3feet away), yet was very slow, about 2k transfer from the internet.
1	I got the same slow speed with a direct connection from the PC to the router (not wireless).
1	The setup was great and so far my connection has been solid.
1	Actiontec router supports only wifi g type connection but is very stable.
1	To improve the speed I bought Dlink DIR-655 router about a month ago and since then I am having very frequent connection droping problems.
1	At first I got dropped connection every 30 seconds and flashing lights.
1	The excitement quickly vanished when I walked 10 feet away from the access point and the signal dropped to 50%(clear line of sight) about 25 feet away, through 2 walls, the signal and  connection quality was poor  or non-existent if I moved my hand or arm in front of the card.
1	For example, when the WRE54G detects a 54 Mbps connection with a WAP54G, WRT54G or WRT54GS, it will relay approximately half of the transmission rate to the wireless clients that are connected to it.
1	My last worked for about five months until I had to reset it every few hours to keep an internet connection.
1	What really bugged me was how often I lost my connection , wireless and plugged in with a network cable.
1	It shouldn't have affected the plugged-in connection.
1	In addition, if you have a DSL connection providing more than one static IP address, this router will let you expose only one of the IPs.
1	We have this router and 2 of the wireless usb connection too in my home.
1	On downloads I would start out great but they never finished as the  connection slowly worksed  itself down until it dropped.
1	I got a level 2 tech and they went over the same things the first tech did, and this time started to demand what my public IP was, when I told him my linksys works be it slow and this thing goes up and down he kept saying it could be an  issue with my connection .
1	In addition to the wireless problems, the router would also  drop my wired connection  every so often just for the heck of it.
1	If you simply need to split a dsl or cable modem connection between several machines, it's the only game in town at this admission price.
1	Since you must setup the unit wirelessly (no ethernet connection is available) whatever wireless connection you are using to setup the unit must not be in range of any other wireless domain but your own.
1	Whenever I tried to configure the unit using my wpc54g equiped laptop, my laptop would loose the original wireless connection to my network and connect to my neighbors wireless router instead of the wre54g.
1	The USB storage  connection was the big problem : the router's services were hanging up every 15 minutes or so, requiring a power cycle.
1	The internet connection speed gets slower and slower with videos causing youtube and netflix to not work properly.
1	I have tried changing the network cables, switching between wired and wireless connection, etc etc, but none of them helps.
1	If I wanted  spotty wifi connection  I would have just stolen my neighbors wifi.
1	signal was strong but there was  no Internet connection .
1	While configuring it is very nice and easy, the router needs to be rebooted after every few hours of use or it will  drop its wireless connection .
1	Every hour or two I experience WiFi connectivity loss for  ~3 seconds, causing my VPN  connection to terminate , and it gets me mad because I have to waste about 10-15 minutes to recover every time.
1	Router drops connection 1-3 time a day.
1	Expensive equipment and wi-fi connection drops frequently.
1	Also, the USB connection was very slow (when it worked) and several times I was losing the mapped usb drive.
1	The router works well for networking your comps and sharing an internet connection, but it fails at running online game servers, particularly Half-Life, which is what I primarily bought it for.
1	Sometimes it would work fine, then my PC would drop the connection and I had a hard time getting connected again.
1	Setup was easy, I got my internet connection up and running in about 5 minutes, and got all my wireless security settings up and running in another 15.
1	Pretty basic stuff, checking connection, etc.
1	Or at least, that is what I am imagining happened as it displayed "we are now detecting your internet connection settings" for several moments and then announced that I needed to enter static IP information.
1	Now it has lots of issues - every few minutes it drops all connection .
1	The new one is a 1490T and works for navigation but the bluetooth  connection is difficult to set up  and drops out between connection.
1	It loses connection at least 8 or 9 times a day, and the only way to recover is to physically disconnect the power supply and reconnecting it a few seconds later to reboot the router.
1	2) " Lost connection " during the long holding times.
1	Plenty of connection before you end up anywhere halfway productive.
1	after a year of usage, the wireless connection drop about once every 2 weeks.
1	4GHz cordless phone kills the connection every time.
1	I purchased a router and a wireless USB access point so that I could connect my wife's laptop to the broadband internet connection we had set up.
1	I then brought my wife's laptop into the room and set up the wireless connection, which seemed to work fine.
1	11b usb enabled, which connection appears to be STRONG (4/5 bars); the router is located on the second floor, but not more than 40 feet away) - Though connection appears strong navigation is slow and lags.
1	Defeating the purpose of having a wireless connection, (while leaving the other people without internet for the time I need to ftp files).
1	The download windows often hang and ftp connection are very unstable .
1	After less than one day, one of the machines lost it's connection .
1	You'll find that if you placed the unit in a very cool place, it won't drop connection at all.
1	This is completely unacceptable when you're doing things that require constant connectivity, for example ftp'ing a file home from work at the end of the day, playing games, talking to friends, or attempting to enjoy the bandwidth your lovely broadband connection is supposed to provide.
1	The second one diudn't even get their procedures right (I had just been through them 3 times) as he skipped necessary steps (Like telling me to open properties of the network connection icon in control panel rather thn opening it and going to the  connection at issue .
1	The connection to the router would work fine with my laptop, but the router out to the DSL modem wouldn't communicate at all.
1	I've upgraded the firmware, but that only established the connection until the next day when it failed again.
1	I have two wireless connection and a wired computer to this router and I would have to recommend not purchasing this router.
1	Firstly, the router randomly stops allowing new connection, while existing connection remain up.
1	It will, in a time of between several minutes to 24 hours, cause the wga54g to lock up and lose it's internet connection , with the wireless light staying lit solidly.
1	But the wireless connection dies intermittently, sometimes as often as several times a day!
1	Sometimes I lose my connection for 5-10 minutes and it will return without intervention.
1	Other times, the connection goes down hard - and the only way to fix it is to power down the router completely, wait a few seconds, and plug it back in.
1	The reason for this crash is that Linux's connection tracking by default keeps track of old connection for five days.
1	This five day limit quickly overwhelms the router when there are a high number of network connection, such as with BitTorrent, and can only be resolved by power cycling the router.
1	The Buffalo has been ROCK SOLID for more than a week - no intervention, no power cycling, no lost connection, nothing.
1	I reconfigured my old wired Linksys Router, which allowed the VPN connection, no problems, and did some research on the internet, decided to add a Wireless Access Point (linksys) to my existing wired router, again ordered from Amazon, should I need to return it.
1	I used it for about 3 months, for sharing a broadband internet connection at home, with very frequent resets,  connection losts , I sometimes had to turn it off and on to get my laptop's wirelessly connected because it sometimes refuse to give me an ip address.
1	The next  morning when I booted the network; no network and  no DSL connection .
1	After 3 months of working satisfactorily, the router drops connection, both wireless and wired connection.
1	I have made countless phone calls to tech support, spent hours trying to setup and reset up access and still have no connection to the internet.
1	Last night, I spent an hour on the phone with a Linksys tech who got everything working great, but 10 minutes after the call, all of the configuration settings were gone and the router simply wouldnt hold a connection.
1	I bought this unit to connect my Gateway Athlon desktop running Windows 98SE and my new company-issued Dell P4 laptop running W2K, and share a Roadrunner cable internet connection via a Toshiba cable modem.
1	To connect to my corporate e-mail, I must use a VPN connection to the corporate server, and then connect to the mail server with Microsoft Outlook 2000 via Microsoft exchange server.
1	The cable internet connection was shared successfully between the two computers, and I could transfer files from one computer to another, share the printer, digital camera port, et al, without a hitch.
1	HOWEVER, I could not access my corporate e-mail account with the laptop, either using the wireless Linksys PC card or using a hard-wired connection with the Dell's built in 10/100 3com NIC card.
1	I could complete a VPN connection, but when Outlook tried to open the program responded "The Microsoft Exchange Server is unavailable".
1	Yet I could connect the laptop directly to the Toshiba cable modem, and access my corporate e-mail with either the ethernet port or a USB connection.
1	Oddly too, the VPN connection appeared "dead" ;  ie, I had no internet connectivity for my web browsers, etc, when the VPN was connected.
1	Let me first say the router is not stable in keeping the wireless connection.
1	If my wife unhooks the laptop and moves closer to the wireless router she still has a network connection.
1	I was very happy with the product initially, but then came home from vacation to find the connection had dropped .
1	No internet connection was possible when the router was installed.
1	i was unable to establish a connection after following all the onscreen instructions.
1	another hour on the phone and two more technicians later, i was able to acquire a connection.
1	Both DIR-655 routers in a small office had reliability issues:  both routers constantly did wireless restarts, breaking the existing wireless connection each time it restarted.
1	This router was a gift; I have set it up with the factory firmware and no one complained about the WiFi a signal dropping, or  slow connection  speed.
1	Well those two things worked well -- this clearly has a terrific connection a couple of floors away (the Trendnet works, but with lower speed).
1	The connection is not reliable and constantly dropped.
1	The connection was smooth, didn't drop all the time, and was much faster.
1	I used to lose my connection every few days.
1	I have purchased a D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Gigabit Wireless Router which is capable of 4 hardwired connection to it as well as wireless connection.
1	The setup was painless and my connection (wired and wireless) are working.
1	Frequently, on both a wired and wireless connection, the connection would drop or slow to unbearable speeds.
1	11b router due to this device's dropped connection and frequent losses in speed (Although I would recommend getting another brand of 802.
1	Many other reviewers here have said it, and they're all right: the wireless connection on this device randomly drops.
1	On other occasions I will be surfing the Web just fine, then all of a sudden the connection stops working .
1	When the connection randomly drops , it's not like it's my ISP's fault because the hard-wired connection still works fine.
1	Typically the  connection goes out at least once a day.
1	wired connection worked fine(desktop PC) but the wireless didnt work at all!
1	How many connection checks does it require for my hard earned green cash to produce results that are CONSISTENT?
1	Spend the extra $ and go w/the Airport--I've spent days on the  phone w/linksys tech support, Mac support, and fussing for hours, and I still can't get a wireless connection from my laptop to the router.
1	My old SMC Barricade Router only used Wep encryption, but had a solid wireless connection.
1	The Netgear router installs very easily as do most routers now days and the hard wire ports work fine, but the wireless connection would drop every 10 to 15 seconds at only 20 ft away.
1	The little thing has its good points - a nice, unobtrusive little box I can just plug in and hide on top of some piece of office furniture, allowing my rather over-laptop-equipped household some nice convenient net access, while still allowing the home office systems a wired connection.
1	My internal wired connection dropped while the wireless was still working so I know it wasn't my cable mode.
1	It got to the point where I was constantly tweaking settings to get a more constant connection.
1	It wasn't the adapter, but an internal connection.
1	Yes, it is true that it was easy to set up at least to the point where I just needed to get the internet connection.
1	It took us a while to get it set up and the biggest problem we have is securing the connection.
1	<i> Looses connection to the router several times a day requiring rebooting the Netgear router.
1	The bad one needs unplugged/replugged as it appears to lose power and all associated connection, wired/wireless.
1	A few weeks ago, however, the connection to the notebook card died.
1	For the last 18 months, I have struggled keeping an internet connection active for more than two days straight.
1	I had been using a Dell wireless router for nearly six months, but when we began having some  connection speed problems , Dell said it NEVER should have worked with Charter Pipeline (my cable provider).
1	Under intensive usage, it never losts connection , never resets.
1	This device was easy to set up however consistently after 30 minutes it will drop all connection .
1	During that 30 minutes it works just great never drops connection, great connectivity.
1	I would not reccommend this router for anyone who uses a wireless connection a lot.
1	Although the  connection was flaky , the range and speed were reasonbly decent.
1	A housemate originally installed his WRT 54G and we routinely had  dropped internet connection , usually at least once a day.
1	Worked fine then experienced extremely slow internet connection and constant rebuffering(quitting) with iTunes streams.
1	I was then transferred to an incredibly incompetent "technician" who made me change wireless settings when I clearly told him that the connection between my computer and the router is actually wired.
1	For some reason, I can't get more than ten feet away without the unit without getting a warning that my network connection's been lost .
1	wep  slows down my connection  big time.
1	It consistently  dropped my broadband connection , giving me a new IP address every 2 minutes, and did not have "Port Triggering" or "UPnP" options available in the setup menus.
1	However, I run two wireless laptops and both have frequent  issues with disconnection .
1	It drops my connection on a daily basis and even minor changes to the wireless settings must be done after reverting to factory default.
1	I bought this router back in Feb or March 05 & put it to use with my mixed network of MACs & PCs and wired & wireless connection.
1	I use this router as an upstream router that connects to my ISP's DSL through a PPPoE connection.
1	Two debilitating problems with this router:1) I have a Sony Vaio Centrino notebook, and  cannot get a reliable connection  with it.
1	This makes the wireless  connection basically unusable .
1	I have never had this problem with any other wireless connection.
1	Conclusion: Given modern manufacturing techniques, its hard to believe there's things like loose wires or  bad connection .
1	Set it up easy enough and had great connection with the wireless in the room it was set up in.
1	Some times it loses the wireless connection, may be it is only my router and in this case I always make the reconnection.
1	Removing it from the network resolved the issues of daily dropped connection , and it turned out the DLink-655 had enough range I didn't need the extender.
1	It lost connection every several days and I had to unplug the power and restart it.
1	The wireless connection was inconsistent and unreliable and one of my computers couldn't connect to it at all.
1	In the end, the settings are not terribly mysterious, but the troubleshooting primarily involves checking the control panels for both router and expander multiple times and cycling power on all units (including multiple PCs) in specific order multiple times until all connection are debugged.
1	router connection to computer and internet is easy.
1	We got another computer and i got the USB one, and it DID work good but bad connection .
1	We have had this wireless router for over a year when suddenly it started dropping the connection .
1	However, I noticed a distinct pattern as to when the router was dropping the connection .
1	While the router still drops connection occasionally it is not as bad as it use to be.
1	Wireless  connection slow quickly  as distance from the unit increases, but it does work.
1	While that is not near the 11MBPS advertised maximum, it's still 4x faster than a good dial up connection.
1	) Hardwired nodes consistently have fast connection speeds.
1	One simple problem, the email instructions said that I needed to change my IP address on the router because my dsl provider (shentel) was using the same IP address and that is why i  could not get a connection !
1	As others noted below this router drops local connection constantly (2 to 3 times daily) I did not have this problem until I updated the firmware to the latest release: 1.
1	The main problem with this router and most wireless devices is a dropped connection .
1	The cordless Sony does not kill my connection as long as I do not have the base station near the router.
1	Many dropped connection for wireless.
1	Wireless  connection is not smooth  at all.
1	Whether you're directly connected to it via Ethernet or using the wireless connectivity, the  connection goes dead  every half hour.
1	It's like clockwork, and the only way to get the connection back is to unplug it for 15-20 seconds and plug it in again, only to have to go through the same process a half hour later when your  connection dies  again.
1	Linksys appears to be doing nothing about this problem, and the only solution that's been found anywhere is to put a network switch between your computer and the router, but that still doesn't help the  connection drop  on the wireless which, needless to say, is a serious problem for a wireless router.
1	Seemed very sensitive to placement relative wireless router: too far it couldn't connect or keep connection, too close it didn't offer much range expansion.
1	At the moment I am using it for wired purposes so I cannot comment on its wireless functionality however wen i start my pc b4 i can get conected 2 the internet i have to unplug my router an plug it bak in again and at times it drops connection .
1	Since I cleared the obstructions I (and my family) have been thoroughly enjoying shared broad-band connection to the internet.
1	With a little knowledge and tweaking, you can get this product to run encrypted wireless connection to about 10 people with little or no problem.
1	I took two afternoon in this 614v5, and went to staples once to exchange the router, which the unconnection let me think its defective.
1	My old Linksys router never dropped the VPN connection, wired or wireless.
1	But most importantly, you lose connection after every 30 minutes or so.
1	The thing itself works fine, and is especially useful if you have ADSL (no need to "login" every time you want to establish a connection; it does it for you).
1	Also, it says *nothing* about MACs although of course the product works equally with MAC, IBM-clone or any other thing that has an Ethernet connection.
1	The only devices which had internet connection was the wired devices attached to the base station.
1	All repeaters and their wireless and wired devices had no internet/intranet connection.
1	The connection bars in windows was the same as the 2.
1	After much pain and suffering at the hands of this router not being able to stay running for more than 1/2 hour with two wireless connection (causes both wireless and wired side to freeze up) I managed to get a lot of good information on why this is the case.
1	Yesterday, I noticed that the WLAN link light was off and my wireless connection were no longer working.
1	Utilizing the WGR614 with a wired connection works great.
1	However I got sporadic wireless connection (at best) even when sitting right on top of the antenna.
1	Often times I couldn't connect with the router at all  and when I did, download speeds on my broadband connection were worse than a dial up connection.
1	I have cordless phones, but they were not in the room or in operation when I was trying to setup my connection.
1	I purchased this router over six months ago, and ever since I've had many problems with the connection dropping on several laptops in the house.
1	I know had a solid connection to the net because I could remove the Ethernet cable from the back of the Linksys' 4-port switch and connect to notebook and it was instantly available.
1	After a couple of days, I have a strong signal in every part of the house (2 stories) and usually a 54 Mbps connection.
1	I then tried to set up the router with an new modem and a different ISP and it still only recognized a static connection.
1	Yes, another brand may be more expensive but the consistant connection is far more important than price.
1	 Bad connection  w/ charging mechanism within gps to start with.
1	After a day and a half of trying, I could connect to the router but it  could not detect an internet connection  and get online (which to me is one of the more critical functions of a router).
1	I duplicated the settings from my old work horse Linksys WRT54g router (which by the way works fine on my network) but  could not establish an internet connection .
1	I'm not exactly IT savvy and though all the problems I was having with it constantly dropping my connection  were my fault or my ISP's fault, but now I know it really is the router.
1	I called support again and they figured out some issue with 'mac cloning' or some such, reset my static IP, and all was well for another week, when the same issue-- losing connection  with the router after 10-20 minutes online--arose again.
1	The current WRT54G frequently drops connection or locks up.
1	Finally I was through all this only to discover that this pile of garbage  cannot hold wireless connection .
1	All prior notes from other customers on  instability of wireless connection  are very true (overheating seems to be very likely the cause).
1	Whenever I turned on that feature, even if I had all the right MAC entries, the wired connection stopped working .
1	I did not have an active internet connection with the router connected b/c of the router which I had mentioned in my email for assistance.
1	However it was unstable and constantly required resetting (the wired connection) not the wireless.
1	Now it just drops the connection unless you go static in which case you lose about half of your packets.
1	I've tried many times at home on the laptop, but I lose the connection  before I can finish.
1	The first year or so, the router worked just fine for wired and wireless connection.
1	11g card and it have very bad connection with 802.
1	Like other reviewers suffered drop connection ever so often, like other reviewers called tech support and was told it can be fix easily if i pay $69.
1	It works fine with wired connection.
1	However, wireless connection is not stable at all.
1	It either drops the wireless signal, or lock up network connection on wireless side.
1	But if you are looking for a device that is going to be able to bridge a connection and function as a wireless router you are looking in the wrong place.
1	I'm adding a MacBook wireless connection using Mac OS internal Airport.
1	Next, Bellsouth DSL, which I have used for years and like for its remarkable uptime abilities, provides no documentation whatsoever about making a wireless connection to its router.
1	It claims to be able to detect your connection settings and facilitate set-up.
1	Despite being up and running with a high-speed connection on a brand-new Sony, the software insisted that no connection was available and refused to let me proceed.
1	Pros -Great amount of features and customization -Awesome 1GBPS wired connection -Good price Cons -disappointing wireless speed.
1	Here's the short version:Wired or wireless connection internal to the network work fine.
1	I had to install each update separately and try several times on each download for a connection that would last the duration of the download.
1	I have several computers and a HP Laserjet4 (13 years old and functions perfectly) I am hooked to my ISP's shared T1 with a wireless connection.
1	The configuration page does not render properly on any of my three Macs, regardless of whether they use a wired or wireless connection.
1	So I went up checked the hard connection to the PC and still nothing, so I power cycled the router  and was up and running again.
1	When I came back, sure enough the  connection was dead again , so I went through the same steps and eventually got it to come back up.
1	metal in the ma314) is substandard - trying to mask the ssid results in extremely  poor connection  and dropped signal stays droppedstick to the old style and don't worry about "g" - it's not ready - i'm running "b" now and it's the only way to get a half decent signal.
1	Other than not being able to maintain a network connection, this network router worked great.
1	It never drops the wired connection to which most of my computers are hooked up.
1	first the wireless  connection broke down  every day or so.
1	All in all with its large screen, fast sat connection, free map updates the 1450 is a solid GPS.
1	Alot of the bad reviews seem to be based on sudden, random of connection (on both wired and wireless connection).
1	I'll have three hours of no problems, then suddenly for the next two hours, I'll randomly lose internet access on both my wireless and wired connection.
1	But if you happen to get a faulty one that randomly loses connection .
1	The d-link seems to be having problems with inderstanding ite passwork connection.
1	It  fails to keep the connection  on, fails in long downloads, hangs up while surfing internet.
1	The wireless connection dropped often.
1	I couldn't move one room away from the router and maintain the wireless connection through a single wall at a distance of around 30 feet.
1	I noticed that any time my laptop detected multiple wireless signals, my wireless connection would fail .
1	I thought this might be a problem with the laptop, but we also have a PDA with wireless capability, and the Linksys wireless  connection would drop  the PDA at the same times.
1	If you live in an apartment building or in a dense neighborhood, avoid Linksys, or prepare to have big  problems with your wireless connection  as soon as one of your neighbors turns on a wireless device of his own.
1	Same old problems, connection keeps disconnecting again and again.
1	For some wierd reason it worked for one week without a single issue, but again its back to the  same disconnection issues .
1	5 hours on the phone, talking with three different technicians, they got my connection in sync and off I went.
1	Was excited to hook up a few pc's to share a dsl connection.
1	Device  cannot sustain a wireless connection  longer than 1 minute.
1	I had the WNR2000 and I wanted to upgrade to this POS hoping to get a better reception for my X Box wireless connection which I use for HD Streaming.
1	This also includes some direct router connection, not just the wireless signal.
1	After much frustration,I put the gargoyle firmware on it, which lets me use it as a repeater but connection is extremely shoddy , dropping frequently and taking AGES to reconnect.
1	I attempted to share a cable modem in a home network, but I  could not get a connection  from this device across a moderate sized house with interior walls constructed out of drywall.
1	The the transmitter and reciever were separated by about 50 feet on opposite sides of this home and I  could not get a connection  on any of the 6 channels.
1	The connection speed was good at 40ft.
1	pdf" included with the device does not present the actual installation procedure (it diverges at Page 17, step 6) In the end, after configuring and rebooting, the WiFi accepted connection, but never assigned an IP to that connection.
1	Be aware it takes about a day to download the updated maps with a I meg a minute high speed connection.
1	My wireless signal disappears once in a while (even cannot find the router in wireless connection list).
1	I have not considered turning off encryption; if this is causing the router to become unstable then I would consider the wireless piece to be worthless because I don't want other people to use my internet connection.
1	Our connection speeds have doubled from what they had been on our fading hub.
1	Most strkingly the connection I have is 20Mbps which I get directly only from modem or from this router only thru ethernet cable, while I go wireless, if falls significantly in its best positioned antena in a one 1 ft away to 4-5 Mbps which I feel is not worth of its price.
1	Short and sweet: This router's wireless G connection lasted a week then completely died.
1	Worked fine for about 10 minutes, than I would lose my connection .
1	After 2 months this new one would lose all connection expectantly (like I would expect it in the first place).
1	It would "reset" itself and after a few minutes it would lose all connection again.
1	To be fair, I never tried contacting Customer Support to see if they'd "fix" the problem as I need a working connection right now because my son does home schooling.
1	Following which the wire connection to a laptop on a docking station failed to work - the laptop on the docking station could 'see' the Router but not the network or internet, other wired computers were fine and turning the wireless on (and then off) on the docking station laptop resolved the problem.
1	The intermittment dropping of internet connection about once a day was too much.
1	To clear up any possible confusion, I should repeat what others have said: if you want to have multiple computers hooked up to your internet connection, this product will do that.
1	This was somewhat annoying, though, because the device does not have a hard-wire ethernet port so each step of the way, you loose the connection with the device as you change the wireless settings.
1	The defective unit I recieved ended up wasting a lot of my time and would have been near impossible to troubleshoot if I didn't have my old LAN only router there to verify my network and wan connection was still ok.
1	I have never had a problem with a wireless connection from this laptop its a very good wireless card.
1	I do not seem to experience any problems when connected via wired connection.
1	Only other thing is my brother claims he pushed the button on the top (if using the vertical mount) to try to fix the wireless connection (he obviously didnt know that was just for the quick connect feature).
1	I bought this product based on the good reviews on AMAZON website and a prosumer router, but for me the router didn't work from the very begining, the wire lan is ok and internet connection, but the WIFI last 5 minutes and then didn't work again anymore.
1	Problem is that I still get marginal signal sitting only 2 feet away from the router and it still  drops connection every half hour and I have to spend a lot of time getting it to work.
1	If I do manage to get out to the 'Net, they loose their connection fairly quick.
1	The  connection would get slower  and slower until internet pages would just not load, resulting in repeated "page cannot be displayed" errors.
1	We can connect the desktop directly to the cable modem but for now the laptop is  without connection , making for some unhappy family members here.
1	I've had this router for 6 months now and have spent countless hours/days/weeks/months trying to fix an intermittent Internet connection loss both on the PC to which it is hard-wired and a wireless connected PC.
1	<i> Dropped wireless connection every five minutes or less to both B and G adapters.
1	4 GHz and 5 GHz) seem shaky, with frequent  connection slowdowns  and drops as compared with my 2.
1	I bought a second laptop (high end Dell XPS 17), but I have the same issues with sluggish/ dropped connection .
1	This router worked ok for first few days then it constantly dropped the wireless connection to the router an had to be reset.
1	I reset up my old wireless G Dlink with WPA and it too kept loosing connection .
1	The connection doesn't seem slow to me and I'm satisfied.
1	I have a Linksys N network Router (in the box now) but that connection is still poor in my back office and they don't have an expander for the N network so I am back the the G network.
1	Also be sure you know how to reset your Internet connection.
1	The speeds were a tremendous upgrade over the B/G router I was using before and the connection is very reliable.
1	Now a month later the LinkSys is doing the same thing my Netgear did after 5 years --  intermittent connection .
1	Any interruption in power between a router/modem/computer requires painstaking turning off/on and waiting to re-establish the setup, which didn't happen with the unnoticed power loss, explaining my spotty connection .
1	2 weeks ago, the range for the wireless died and I am unable to get a wireless connection unless I am in the same room as the router.
1	With Time Warner's recent push on low introductory rates and the fact that I was paying over $35 for dsl, I switched to cable internet with a faster connection and a lower price--at least for the first year.
1	The connection drops to a really low speed all the time, and the farthest I've ever used it is about 30 feet with two walls of separation.
1	My old firewall stayed up for months (but I replaced it because it was a SonicWall and they wanted $300 to increase the number of active connection to greater than 10!
1	it gets alot stickier with persistent connection.
1	not 1500) and eventually persistant  connection will die  with packet fragmentation.
1	It allow multiple PC's to share a connection, provides some measure of improved security, and effectively isolates the DSL PPPoe software so I don't have to install it on my and my wifes PC, and my notebook or reinstall when I upgrade, and gets the PC started because I do not have to log to PPPoe each time my computer turns on.
1	I purchased one of these routers for my girlfriend, who just got a new Centrino-based notebook computer (a Dell Inspiron 600m), and needed to share an internet connection at home between her family's desktop Mac and the new portable.
1	It worked great for about half an hour, at which point it refused to talk to anything on the wireless connection or WAN.
1	Within the first month I noticed that the router was intermittently  dropping both wired and wireless connection .
1	But, overall, the DLink has been good--fast connection for my Laptop, and now for the Iphone.
1	It was OK, but the  connection used to drop  every once in a while.
1	I bought this WRG614 a year ago, and couple days after setting it up, the  connection dropped  and the only way to reestablish the connection was rebooting the router.
1	It will hand out the same IP address to wired and wireless computers, or it will just  drop the wireless connection  and has to have the power pulled in order to fix the problem (which also disrupts connectivity for the wired users).
1	It will work fine for a few days, then for no particular reason the data rate will slow to a crawl, then the connection is dropped completely.
1	even when it does get a strong connection, the dsl speed is often slower than a 56k modem.
1	tech support say I need another wired router (another $99) to make my connection work.
1	It would drop the internet connection many times in a day for no reason.
1	Had many problems with dropped connection and router needing to be power cycled.
1	The network is hard to config, I have to reboot many times to get a connection.
1	I am having a connection problem of being able to browse from the desktop to the laptop.
1	4 would turn off and drop their connection to other devices).
1	I would also intermittently lose my connection to the internet, causing frequent timeouts.
1	And my second router is starting to failing again after a couple of month of use ( random disconnection ).
1	Now, let's see if I get that  random disconnection  on submitting this review.
1	When I was using DSL for my internet connection, I had to reset my connection at least 3 times a day.
1	Now that I changed to cable internet, I still have to reset the connection at least twice a week.
1	Then, as I worked further with the router, I discovered that the wireless connection is spotty - dropping maybe twice an hour for a few seconds at a time.
1	As of this week, this router constantly  disconnects both the wired and wireless connection .
1	So anyway, here is my experience with the V5: When I first got it and installed it the connection seemed to be fine for a little while, but then it just suddenly went out.
1	When the connection went, I had to go through a little ritual with the router and laptop to get it back: I unplugged the router, plugged it back in, pulled up "Network connection," disabled and then enabled the "Wireless Internet Connection.
1	One evening not too long ago, I noticed that my connection had not been lost for over 5 hours of steady work.
1	The interface went totally black and my  connection was instantly dropped .
1	After this, my connection was intermittent at best.
1	Bought a Dynex for five dollars less that is as fast as direct connection.
1	I though it would be best for them to set it up,via remote connection to my computer, so they offered to do so.
1	It worked for a short time wirelessly then stopped working even with a wired connection.
1	I didn't have time until some months later to contact Netgear to be informed that only they can set up the wireless connection but won't until I pay 99.
1	Man, never thought a wired connection would be such a pain in the (&*%^*.
1	Next I tried to connect laptops by wireless connection to the router.
1	But if I wanted to run WEP or WPA (which is what I wanted) it wouldn't make a complete connection.
1	only a limited connection that wouldn't allow me to use the Internet on the laptops.
1	I had a bit of trouble in the first couple of weeks with finding the wireless connection after putting the computer to sleep and turning it back on.
1	the second laptop (iBook) was OK at first but then twice the linksys router dropped the connection and stopped serving a wireless connection.
1	First the likes: set up was pretty easy and connection to the laptops and wireless printers was easy.
1	But give it three wireless users authenticated based on MAC and allocated IP addresses, with 128bit WEP, shared key, then apply small ammount of traffic and the wireless connection drops .
1	100BaseTx users can continue to use the net, but signal strenght on wireless connection drop from 68-84 down to 0!
1	the wireless connection dies .
1	Installation was a breeze, but unfortunately my internet connection speed dropped by about 80% after installation, on both my desktop PC (wired to the router) and my new notebook.
1	The internet connection was usable but noticeably slower.
1	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping , and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.
1	Almost no helpful documentation is included - make sure you already have an internet connection available so you can find help on how to get this working.
1	I was very hopeful this would solve some  connection issues  I was having but this caused more trouble than it was worth.
1	This is not much of an issue on initial setup since you are connect via ethernet, but you may have issues if you access the config wirelessly because iyou may lose the connection .
1	The firmware is full of issues, connection drop often, every few minutes in some cases.
1	Once I open too many simultaneous TCP connection, it'll crash--the lights blink as if it's still working, but it stops actually routing packets.
1	If you use BitTorrent, RSS aggregators, or other software that opens lots of TCP connection, avoid this router.
1	A few days later I began have  connection problems  on all the systems.
1	I do not recommend the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G Router because the enclosed software was buggy and did not establish the correct settings for a secure wireless connection.
1	The next day, when I turned on the modem, router, and laptop, we no longer had a wireless internet connection.
1	Lately though, after having the router for less than a year, my cable (RR) connection started dropping.
1	Test on T1 and T3 network at work it will drop connection because it over heats or it will lose speed more than half.
1	I also use a IP VPN phone at home for work, this direct  connection also didn't work .
1	Although it improved my network connection speed to the internet (permitting the full 20MB/sec download speed), it severely crippled the ability to share printers on my network.
1	As soon as my girlfriend and I moved in together, and the router had to deal with the extra connection from my girlfriends Mac, we both started experiencing frequent dropped connection along with the regular reboots.
1	I told him that the best thing might be to reset to factory settings and just configure it to see if I could get a connection again and work forward from there.
1	I checked it out and sure enough the connection was dropping every 15 to 30 minutes.
1	I explained that I had plugged directly into the cable modem and reconnected my old router and had no connection issues that way.
1	After hooking up our home wireless network using a Linksys WAP54G and appropriate cards, in combination with a Direcway DW6000 sattelite Internet connection (the recommended approcah by both parties) we anxiously awaited the range extender.
1	I tried it out at home, and even doing regular things, such as streaming video or surfing the internet would cause the router to drop connection .
1	The router will try and assess the network's connection speed, leaving the router to just be out for 5 minutes or so for a single disconnect.
1	The router would lose connection for 1 second and be down for 5 minutes and then do the same thing over and over all day long.
1	Cons: Won't keep any type of stable connection.
1	After doing a little investigating it seems this router ignores some pings (pings from the LAN side  work) and therefore causes  connection timeouts .
1	Although the person was a little difficult to understand, they were polite, but then told me that I needed to get version 2 of this device, which, confusingly enough, has the same product ID number, but, as others have noted, includes a different image on the front with an ethernet connection.
1	I purchased a new WGR614v4 two months ago and it started dropping the connection every few seconds.
1	I would recommend reading a primer on wireless security before you fire up the wireless connection -- the settings aren't explained in a way that a normal person could understand them, and the instructions don't help much with that either.
1	My wrap board could go months without losing dropping the ADSL connection - very important for external mail clients with a dynamic IP address.
1	The DIR-655 seemed to drop the connection every 30 minutes or so, even with DynDNS, getting a new IP address this often is a pain.
1	Further VOIP calls were regularly terminated by the router dropping the connection .
1	Frequent dropped connection , interrupted VOIP, QOS no better than other options freely available.
1	After about six months, the router started dropping the internet connection at random intervals, sometimes for just a few seconds, sometimes for a couple of minutes.
1	Even with the latest firmware update the  connection will drop randomly .
1	I tried most of the afternoon to get a successful connection to a technician.
1	I skipped right past the setup wizard and configured the router to operate like my previous one:  DHCP for internal machines, a static IP connected to the outside world, and a pair of static routes to enable my VPN connection to my office.
1	to improve the distance for wireless connection.
1	However, after securing the network, the wireless connection died completely despite many attempts.
1	2 ) Anytime a cordless phone is used in the house it knocks out my wireless connection.
1	Every few minutes it drops the connection and takes several minutes to reconnect again.
1	After two days of trying, I finally was able to connect only one laptop to it but the  connection was very intermittent  and frustratingly slow.
1	Even my internet connection works great and setting up everything took very little time.
1	At first I blamed wireless interference from my neighbors but after connecting direclty to the router via ethernet cable I could still  not get a connection .
1	After disconnecting power and letting it cool down it works fine until it heats back up again and drops the connection .
1	After weeks of trying various settings, I still have  connection issues  and decided to change routers and go with NetGear.
1	For this router to be great value, it all depends on which service provider you use and what type of connection they have.
1	After several months, I noticed that the two other computers that I had connected to the wireless network would loose their connection occationally.
1	Very easy to setup and maintain, however it constantly  drops it's inernet connection .
1	I will routinely have full wireless signal strength, but the router will  lose it's internet connection .
1	The posts say that you can set up the router via Ethernet connection without the setup program, but I was unable to connect to the router through its 192.
1	This router will not maintain a wi-fi connection with that printer for longer than around 15 minutes after printing the last page.
1	To restore the wi-fi connection with the router, you have to either power cycle the printer, or on the printer control panel switch it temporarily to wired LAN, then back to wireless.
1	By the way, on my own I eventually found a way to keep the wi-fi connection to the printer stable, but don't know if it's a good long term solution.
1	If you want your Canon Wi-Fi printer to maintain its connection to this Netgear router, you have to disable the router QoS feature called WMM (Wi-Fi multimedia) on the 2.
1	Once you do this, the Canon connection will be 100% stable indefinitely.
1	Our first one had the nasty habit of dropping the connection when using a variety of programs.
1	Worked like charm for couple months, and then just dropped connection every now and then.
1	a month later: Again to start the same: - lose connection - automatic test in the router is activated - connection is still lost - connection is restored (1 or 2 minutes) I checked for firmware upgrade, I did this, and reset router and other config details but the problem still continue and as the 3months warranty expired.
1	02, there were no connection problems with the wireless.
1	but now, random connection will drop every few minutes.
1	It makes the  connection more or less useless .
1	as long as you are comfortable tweaking your computers network connection settings and don't expect the Linksys documentation to address the OS now being delivered with new Wintel PCs.
1	Finally, the wireless portion of the network has yet to succeed in establishing a WEP encrypted connection.
1	That said, my computers on two separate floors are enjoyning high signal strength and  shared internet connection.
1	Two ports on the router don't work and the port 3 and 4  slow down my connection .
1	Oh yeah its not even wireless, my 2 (top of the line) Macs lose the connection every other 30 seconds.
1	I purchased my router from bestbuy, and after a month of use, I kept getting  disconnected from my wireless connection  and the signal would decrease as soon as I connected.
1	My biggest problem with it is that it constantly DROPS connection .
1	Not up to speed with Centrino computers - requires endless tweaking to make a reliable wireless connection.
1	As a wireless access point, connection fails when the USB adapter is in a room, and the router is in another room perhaps 60 feet away with a right angle turn.
1	I have had this piece of junk for 2 months now the original product would get the internet sharing done fine but drop connection randomly every hour or so.
1	Netgear gave me a replacement router and with this new router I was able to steadily hold connection to all PCs but the only thing missing was NOWAY TO REACH THE INTERNET.
1	The ethernet still worked but the main reason I purchased a wireless router was because its a "WIRELESS" connection.
1	However, I've had all sorts of  problems with wireless connection ; everytime I reboot my laptop it takes a few DAYS to get it to connect again!
1	Even though I couldn't get an Internet connection through the Expander, my computer could see the Expander and find the empty signal.
1	constantly drops the connection with rogers 3mb service, i DO NOT recommend this product, the only SEMI-FIX is to upgrade the firmware and PRAY for the best.
1	use a hard wire connection to configure your router.
1	*****01/08/2011 Update**** Well I dropped the stars down to 2, it works well for a few hours then seems to drop connection which I have to hard reset the modem in order for it to get the connection again.
1	If you're having intermittant  connection problems , don't forget to test the router, especially if it's a Linksys!
1	Been having nothing but trouble since, with my connection dropping as many as ten times a day for no apparent reasons, and I have to physically reset the router because of DNS problems.
1	Once I go through the D-Link DIR 655, either through wireless or a wired connection, the speeds drop to reasonable levels!
1	Poor performance,  slow connection , drop out's, and dies 1 day after warrently expires.
1	Now it regularly  drops our wireless connection .
1	I am going to re-route my internet connection to another part of the house to make it more efficient to cover as much area as possible.
1	2 ) Anytime a cordless phone is used in the house it  knocks out my wireless connection .
1	It frequently  loses the Internet connection  regardless of wired or wireless, especially when streaming video.
1	What's more, there are times where I supposedly AM connected to the router, but the Internet doesn't work, despite my connection being intact.
1	I'm glad not to have to worry about other people using the connection.
1	After 15+ hours on the phone with tech support with Linksys and after the 30 day return policy expired, it became clear that it wasn't going to work, although no one knows why (both computers are brand-new and the DSL connection works great on its own).
1	Using manual setup seemed to work and link showed as active, but once it showed as active all connection to the AP dropped and would not reconnect.
1	several times a day the  connection gets interrupted , just long enough to disconnect online games.
1	All for not, after 6 months it  drops all wi-fi connection  after a few hours of running old firmware or latest.
1	Sometime it lost satellite connection even though I was still in the open road, not in a tunnel.
1	Maybe the tall buildings make the connection to satellite broken?
1	The location of the connection cord in the back is not in the most convenient place.
1	The connection to all PCs would hang and the router would have to be power-cycled to get back online.
1	The download rates however will not be affected on the computer which has the direct broadband router connection.
1	The connection was spotty , but it's a great looking unit.
1	After two months of  lost connection , not being able to connect at all, and slow connection, I threw the router away.
1	Since I have installed the new router, my computer has not crashed, my internet connection is extremely fast and I have never lost a connection.
1	I've experienced many  connection failures !
1	I would bring it down to my home office and reset the wireless connection.
1	Everything seemed to be fine when it set on my desk, but as soon as I took it up one flight of stairs and her screen saver started, I lost my connection .
1	In addition, my personal laptops, setting just a few feet away from the router frequently dropped their connection , completely frustrating my efforts.
1	In addition, I tried to use this AP for *only* hard-wired connection (turning off all wireless devices at home), and over time (30 min or so) the hard-wired computer would lose its IP address over DHCP, and I couldn't get a new one.
1	Everything worked at first and then I noticed in the evening all my connection dropped .
1	This seems to work well for cable based broadband connection, but not so well for DSL based connection where the PPPoE client is located on the DSL modem - which is the way most DSL modems are configured today.
1	Everything from complete lockups, dropped connection , etc.
1	Really wanted to keep this router but re-setting up the ATV wireless connection everyday was not very convenient.
1	the lan connection was fine.
1	After the installation, it worked for a half hour, then lost the connection .
1	When I finally connected the router guess what it would  not hold a stable connection  both wired and wireless.
1	But when I started using the wireless connection, the  connection between router and modem died .
1	It means that one of the supposed differentiator feature for this router doesn't work and you have terrible experience trying to backup things - it doesn't matter if through wireless or wired connection.
1	But most frustrating was that the router kept dropping the connection from one or more computers at any given time.
1	This required constant resetting of the router to regain the connection with the computers.
1	Not sure if the button is flaky, or the power  connection loose .
1	I was getting 1MB/s transfers tops, even when the router showed I  had 4 bars and 135mbit connection.
1	Received one free, worked for several months, then it kept dropping the connection .
1	However, I work from home most of the time so I need a good constant connection.
1	He said he's not sure why or how I was getting an internet connection at all.
1	pro: has a very stable connection.
1	) At automatic kept  losing the connection  4.
1	) The Wireless connection was fast range was good.
1	3 hours time spent with D-link tech support, my router still does not function as it should - I still get extremely slow and/or  intermittent connection  every 4-6 hours.
1	When the wireless connectivity drops out, no wireless devices will connect to it our even see the connection in the list of those available.
1	The router worked fine with direct CAT5 connection, but totally failed with wireless connection using the WMP11 cards.
1	After step 5, it said it could not locate the router, and my router was not working -- which was wrong, since Windows had already located it and recognized the new 1 gigabit ethernet connection (and I was able to connect to the internet).
1	(On the plus side, the 1 GB ethernet connection to my desktop worked, and the 655 comes with a USB port, but I simply don't have the time or patience to see if that works.
1	I decided to go get a newer model to handle my new XBOX needs, future streaming video for my new internet TV i am getting and the Gigabit LAN connection as i have 4 hard LAN lines to my existing router.
1	I've had a wireless b connection for years that works perfectly, thought to buy the g to speed things up, and am so frustrated i'm going to throw the unit in the trash.
1	Overall, I am very happy with the way this router works, it has a strong signal and allows me to work at the levels I would expect from a wired connection.
1	It started up ok on the first day but then it started to drop connection .
1	Install and set-up were really easy and range was great but got problems right away as I started to  lose my internet connection  every other day.
1	On a wired connection with my linksys, speedtest.
1	net rated my home pc with a connection of up to 25mbps connection and wireless speeds around 15 mbps.
1	The next day, I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network, but  no internet connection .
1	I had read in other reviews that it dropped their internet connection every couple of days so at the first sign of this happening to me, I got an RMA and shipped it back.
1	I loose connection and have to power down the router and then power it up to make it stable.
1	When I had multiple computers (sometimes 4 clients) all aggressively pulling data down from visiting high bandwidth websites it seemed to handle the 16mbps internet connection ok.
1	AND if you get a connection after an hour of experimenting, it's hard to keep the connection.
1	As a concrete example of why this is important: With my previous Linksys router I allowed remote desktop connection to come in, but on a different port to reduce the chance of an attacker finding it and trying to break in.
1	Well guess what, Netgear's one-year warranty (according to their tech service) does not cover connection to "third party components" like Interenet ready TVs.
1	first person tells me after about 1 hour that they have to call me back because of bad phone connection (?
1	Within a day, though, I started  losing wireless connection  to the router repeatedly.
1	The router is definitely usable, but I do lose connection 2-3X a day, at which point I either restart my computer or pull out the PC card and slide it back in.
1	The intermittent connection is annoying.
1	Then, a month ago wireless connection started dropping .
1	Much to my surprise, the wired connection was about 10% slower with the Linksys unit installed.
1	The wireless  connection was slightly slower  (about 5%) and the range was only slightly better than the old unit.
1	You'll lose your wireless network connection as soon as these are effective.
1	After 9 month of good service, it  drops internet connection  every couple of hours both wired and wireless connection.
1	The connection drops every 20 minutes or so and from what I've read online, this is a known problem.
1	I find it unbelievably sleazy & arrogant to hijack your customers' internet connection in this manner to sell them extra software.
1	The plus side of the bluetooth is there has been a clear connection in the handful of calls made no one has complained of any static,  most callers think I am live on the phone and not going through bluetooth.
1	And often I have the signal, but not the internet connection, and that's a problem of the router, because when installing again my old router, all these problems stops.
1	You are much better off using a wired connection.
1	Internet  connection would drop  even though the wireless connection would stay connected.
1	Fortunately, I have a wireless connection that allows me to access the web from my laptop while in different rooms of my house, but that's where the product benefits stop.
1	I am no longer able to use the readyshare option (that stopped working after about a month) and I get constant error messages with regards to an internet connection, even though I am connected.
1	I owned this router for 9 months, works perfectly once I tried and error to different version of firmware and connection is speedy, steady and no drop signal.
1	It worked for about a week and then all of the wired and wireless computers lost their connection and could not access the Internet.
1	I finally gave up when I tried to add a wireless bridge to the network and all of the other devices lost their connection .
1	What's worse, it doesn't like someone trying to connect directly to the Expander itself; remember, it's nothing more than an access point at its core, so it should still be broadcasting a local signal which should do a private IP; it does, then shuts down and refuses connection.
1	Very limited range, and dropped connection are common.
1	You'll long for the stability of a good old fashioned wire connection.
1	My environment is not electrically noisy, either - this thing just doesn't have the power to do anything but short line of sight transmission, and  connection die  while the status monitor still reports signal strength as "very good".
1	I was having to reboot the modem almost daily to maintain an internet connection.
1	Not worth it/older version, no hard-wire  connection so very difficult  to set up.
1	All of our computers are capable of Gigabit connection, so I figured it was time to "upgrade.
1	Good specs and decent price are little consolation when invevitable upgrades  kill your internet connection  and you need support/new drivers.
1	It rates high at the rating sites, but is not easy to install, not easy to manage, offers a  slow connection  speed and lousy range.
1	The automatic  connection process didn't work .
1	My reason to purchase was a  poor connection  from the far room of the house.
1	got up one morning, the wireless network  connection was completely missing .
1	The setup for a wireless connection was routine.
1	I was consistently connecting at maximum 'g' speed, but the connection would drop every five minutes (almost to the second).
1	I am on my wireless connection 14 feet away and at a 39%.
1	At even though that is horrible the worst thing is the dropped connection .
1	If I go out on my deck I get a stronger connection from someone elses router in my subdivision, and  no connection  from mine.
1	)  I wanted to be able to use my work laptop at home throughout the house without another hard-wired internet connection.
1	After installing the latest firmware, this router worked for 2 weeks before my remote extensions all went dead on me (failed to come through the router and register), while internet connection (both LAN & WLAN) was still intact.
1	The DIR-655 dropped WIRED connection at least once an hour and the wireless is off more than it is on.
1	You would expect any router to be able to permanently keep a wired connection up without any configuration.
1	The Belkin also drops the wireless connection now and then, although not nearly as often.
1	The great news is that the Belkin has yet to drop a wired connection no matter how long I am on or how much I download.
1	To be fair, the product worked fine without wireless security, but I see little point in helping my neighbors tap my internet connection.
1	240 I got one of the devices to actually talk to my laptop once, but what I found out is that eventually, when configured, the device would usurp connection from the real router, and then my laptop would lose connection .
1	2 months into it and its dropping the internet connection on the wired ports, have to remove power to boot router to get momentary connection back so I could write this review and find a new reliable Netgear router to replace the DIG-655 F-Link/No-link router.
1	It does have a fast connection and for basic internet only, its fine.
1	Pros (they don't outweigh the cons, but here they are): Gigabit ethernet works well for the home network Range is great along with speeds Firmware has lots of great tweaks if you are technically inclined Looks slick Cons: Sporadically quits working with the internet connection (home network stays up), confirmed this is not an ISP or modem issue D-Link support (even the manual and website are incorrect at times) Must update firmware to get it to even work at an aggravatingly livable level To start off, I have had a horrible experience with this product.
1	All the lights indicate it is still working fine, and my hard wire connection to the cable modem works great, but no signal emits from the wireless router.
1	The router works fine for the first several weeks until it starts dropping signals, losing connection , requiring one to power-cycle the unit every five or so minutes.
1	The router worked great for about 6 months and then began to drop connection several times per hour through out the day.
1	Not only does it  drop wireless connection , it drops wired connection as well.
1	When the  connection goes down  you'll know because you'll lose the ability to use the internet as well as the ability to use the network to access other devices and files.
1	A Linksys WRT54G immediately established a rock solid connection and has performed flawlessly ever since.
1	I have a DSL SBC-Yahoo 2Wire internet connection and I had a terrible experience trying to install it myself.
1	I tried everything in the manuals and finally called tech support twice: Once to install my connection and the second time to set up my password access.
1	This product will NOT do the following: Hold a connection with the settings of 1) not broadcasting ssid 2) wpa or wpa2 encryption 3) MAC filtering on wifi 4) connected to an uptodate Macbook via correct settings 5) all this with the last two firmware updates.
1	Then, you have about 5 mins til your net connection dies (permanently).
1	My only complaint about that dinosaur is that it suddenly looses the 5Ghz wireless connection when streaming a lot of video, probably because of overheating.
1	Since I have implemented this, the router has not dropped the internet connection nearly as much as it used to (every 2 - 3 days).
1	It has an annoying tendency to drop its connection to the router occasionally, but at least it works most of the time.
1	I tried pairing the iPhone to the Garmin with the same result, while it says paired and connected, the minute the unit went into her car the  connection is lost  and cannot be be reconnected.
1	Unfortunately, the all the  connection had been so unreliable  that we bought a new (ethernet only) router, despite performing several power cycles and days of troubleshooting.
1	For the desktop computers on the other side of the house, about 40 feet away, there was  NO connection  to the internet - period.
1	The bottom line was that using any other combination of computers, routers, adapters, and positioning of the devices resulted in our typical 1-2 bar signal strength with a positive internet connection.
1	With my current router, I have a connection which is on 95% of the time, and usually easy to restore by fiddling with antennas or restarting the router.
1	I had hoped that the new Netgear router would give me a 100% dependable connection.
1	Instead, it gave me an unfixable zero percent connection for anything more than 30 feet away.
1	Very occasionally, it refused to accept wireless connection (always worked for hard-wired) and the only solution was to unplug, wait 10 seconds and plug back in.
1	i bought the Linksys WRT54G a couple years ago (v1) and encryption never really quite worked (WEP or WPA); the connection would always be excruiatingly slow, or there would be  no connection .
1	unfortunately, this unit also had defective WEP/WPA connection.
1	If it didn't spare my wife and two kids computer connection, I would have been thrown out of the house this weekend.
1	Direct connection work fine--but come on--90 days before the wireless goes.
1	It would no longer allow wireless connection(wired still worked).
1	If you are using a wired connection, you'll be fine.
1	I have just solved a problem with  intermittent WAN connection  and overheating with this product.
1	On hot days (today it's 85 degrees in my office) the D-Link DIR-655 router overheats when handling a lot of local network traffic (copying big files between computers) and  drops the WAN connection  (to the cable modem).
1	Except for the overheating problem, I like this product, the wireless connection work fine, and would recommend it (just think about keeping it cool.
1	For the life of me I couldn't figure out why the internet connection would stop working both on my wired computer and wireless one, I can't even access the internal "admin" site.
1	After that it intermittently would  loose wireless connection .
1	Other times if I disconnect the wireless connection and try to reconnect it will see the SSID of the router but then be unable to connect to router a few times.
1	I'm in a lab, with perfect Ethernet connection on both the WAN and LAN sides of this router (no ISP involved), and my wirelessly connected computer is sitting feet from the thing, so there's no "bad signal" issues.
1	But after a few months I noticed it started to drop the connection when I would be playing an online game on the PS3.
1	I have spent many times and hours talking to tech support and still I could not get connection with my VOIP phone.
1	To top it off, both wireless PCs again lost their internet connection and wouldn't connect again.
1	Overall, the DIR-655 has a much better wireless range than my old DI-634M but the DIR-655 keeps dropping my wireless connection after about 5 mins for about 2 to 5 seconds.
1	I researched the net and tried every tip I could find but was only able to get it to keep a connection for at most 30 mins.
1	This model is almost identical to the DIR-655 and so far after 2 hours, I have not had a connection drop with the TEW-633.
1	The connection was excellent though when it did work.
1	What took me a loooooong time was getting the Wireless connection to work with my laptop's Cisco Series 350 PCMCIA Wireless LAN Adapter card.
1	Once I found that out, I was able to set the channel, infrastructure and other parameters to make a wireless connection.
1	This router is known to have frequent issues with continous disconnects from the 100mb port connection.
1	Then I was able to use the web without losing the connection every five minutes.
1	Initially this fixed the dropped conncection every 5 minutes problem but it caused a delay in establishing the initial connection with the router of about 3 minutes.
1	Microsoft came out with a fix for the delay and while it reduces the connect time to only a few seconds, the connection is lost after about 3 minutes.
1	Further the windows xp wireless client does not report that the  connection has been lost , instead it shows that everything is just fine and dandy.
1	I'm glad I have a Garmin GPS, but would like to try other models to see if the unit behavior or satellite connection holds better than this model.
1	started having problems with dropped and  slow as hell connection  after a few weeks of using it.
1	But just like so many of the previous reviewers, after several months my wireless connection would drop frequently everyday requiring constant power unplug/replugs.
1	The router continued to work great with a wired connection, but that kind of defeats the purpose of a wifi router.
1	The accent was so thick and the phone  connection was so bad  that I finally gave up calling after three times and sent the unit back.
1	However, out of the box, it had the same connection-dropping problems that you'll read about here and elsewhere on the web: it would work for a few minutes then drop the connection .
1	Goes catatonic if you run Azureus (requires a reboot to get it to stop rejecting connection) and is noticeably sluggish loading Web pages even when working "correctly.
1	In fact, when I changed the MTU the device  stopped taking incoming connection  entirely.
1	DIR-655 work fine for us so far - no dropped connection and signal much stronger than the old one.
1	The connection would drop for less than half a second, but just long enough to cause the webpage I would be trying to view to not appear.
1	I noticed that when I view video media, the  connection totally freezes .
1	The receiver is so painfully finicky, it  does not keep connection .
1	It was plugged in, all the connection were connected, one second it was on, and the next second it was off.
1	The signal was so weak that I could not turn on the encryption (could not get internet connection with encryption WEP.
1	First, I can't understand the Indian accents (my Indian friend can't understand them either, the VOIP  connection's not so good  either).
1	The second thing I've found is that when copying large files (media files > 1 GB) around on the wired LAN, my machines  lose connection  to one another frequently enough that the copy takes a LONG time to complete due to the network timeout.
1	WRT54G can't access to internet through wireless connection.
1	After half a dozen attempts following instructions, the new unit simply would  not make an internet connection .
1	In a grueling tech support session with a tech support staff, which might have been 2 hours or more of trial and error, the new DIR-655 still would  not make an internet connection .
1	Case in point, when I tried to set up SSH connection to two computers connected to the router at port 2000 and 2001 and forward the ports to 22 on two ip addresses, the router would complain that my end port number is smaller than start port and refuse to do so.
1	It randomly disconnects from the internet for all connection both wired and wireless.
1	As 4 other PC's were also connected to the network, I would find out pretty fast when the connection was dropped .
1	The connection would now go for a few days before dropping, when I finally took the advice of a friend, (with a Netgear wireless router with similar problems), and converted the router to a Wireless Access Point, WAP.
1	The Bad: The firmware is garbage, as a result this modem can not handle bittorrent traffic, multi-party video chat or any other kind of traffic that requires sending/receiving data from many different outside connection.
1	I also have a big-name cable connection.
1	<i> lost connection them my e-mail computer (DURON 1.
1	The modem is excellent and a hard wire to it always is a great connection.
1	Game runs fine ( and is great fun ) over  direct IP connection through cable modem->smc 10/100 hub.
1	Another example is that I was connected on my work laptop through VPN and everything worked great, but every other device in my house responded as if my internet  connection was down .
1	It was certainly easy to set up, but I had to reboot the connection every 10 minutes or so.
1	My old router would even go for weeks without disconnection issues.
1	The wireless  connection to this router stopped working .
1	With gigabit connection ability several advanced features, it is clearly the beginning of a new generation of routers.
1	Product works fine, has a lot of features and connection time is stable and reliable.
1	tried to hook up to lap top for wireless internet service and cann't even get a connection even though i have the linksys wireless -b notebook adapter it states internet connection not found.
1	I know Verizon uses DHCP so the connection should be detected by the router as soon as you plug it in, so after I verified there was nothing wrong that I did, I called dlink support.
1	Basically, in case you don't understand this it means that Verizon detected my old router and would only allow connection to it (probably to stop someone from stealing my internet), so by releasing the settings, it allowed my new router to accept the connection.
1	The first support person I called told me that I had a single band router and it wasn't capable of making "n" connection.
1	I argued that the product specs claim that it does and I was very angry to do all this to only be told their "n" router can't do "n" connection.
1	I was told by the printer manfacturer that they weren't responsible for the router USB connection and suggested I call D-Link back (surprise!
1	Linksys has a firmware upgrade - and even after  applying the thing, I still have  connection refused issues  and corrupt  downloads that mysteriously go away when I take the router out of the  picture.
1	05) another problem was its performace; heavy p2p connection could not be maintained.
1	1 &amp; befw11s4 v4; they can keep up with the heavy p2p connection, but its web interface responds well (belkin did well, too), but it seems there are some routing performance problem.
1	Its possible that so many multiple connection, ie wireless devices, other computers, and game systems confused it.
1	No dropped connection and excellent wireless coverage.
1	In late December, I noticed that my connection speed was down significantly.
1	It also about once a week will stop accepting wireless connection and has to be rebooted.
1	My old router was a Linksys that I had for years, and it was starting to slow down or drop connection when we had too much going on at once.
1	But, it worked pretty good for around 2 months, and then it started dropping connection CONSTANTLY!
1	The router would reset itself around every 10 minutes while the wireless connection was in use.
1	Random loss of connection either through wireless connection failing to work.
1	(albiet strong connection) and random blocking of websites!
1	I can see if you only use the router to surf the internet that you would think this is the most amazing router because the signal can literally penetrate two houses away but even then it at times hampered my 8 Mbit connection.
1	I replaced it with the BEFW11S4 (The wireless model) After 3 minutes of setup, it worked perfectly for my old non-wireless connection.
1	It says I dont have a connection or a  very poor connection  and I can get 2.
1	4ghz radios started going out and dropping connection frequently.
1	I live in a two-story house and although I expected the signal strength to be somewhat degraded in the upstairs portion of the house, it was continually dropping the connection .
1	The range and signal strength is fantastic, I had it up and running out of the box within 5 minutes, and I have yet to experience a dropped connection .
1	com and realized that 90% of the users of this product are having the exact same problem with  lost connection .
1	I think it is terrible for Netgear to continue selling this defective product without fixing the  connection problem .
1	Also, the wireless adapter in my Toshiba laptop warned me that I was using an unsecure connection.
1	After tech had called me back a couple of times due to poor connection on his end and we got cut off, he never called me back the last time.
1	WPA  connection are much slower , due to the encryption.
1	The router worked real well for about a day and then the wireless connection went south.
1	If your not using it as your main connection to the internet it is extremely difficult to configure.
1	It works fine for intranet communications, but it is constantly  dropping the connection  with the DSL modem.
1	I bought this product to add range to my old toshiba laptop that only utilizes a wireless g network connection.
1	As most gamers (and networkers) know, gaming requires a solid connection with as much bandwidth as possible.
1	, it had a lot of problems with maintaining constant connection with game servers when there was more than one person connected at a time.
1	The NT work stations were doing "something" to maintain connection, moreso than the '98 and '95 machines, but they couldn't figure out what the difference was.
1	I "solved" my own problem by making all of the '98 '95 gaming machines NT workstations and haven't had a  dropped connection  since.
1	Overall, below average tech support, excellent product (I have gaming friends with DSL who have had no connection drop problems), great price, and an almost "too easy" (aka, not enough features like configuring firewall holes for the entire network) web config interface.
1	Because they bought this one, and unfortunately they had a problem - wireless and wired  connection never worked .
1	2 lose that damn connection.
1	You  experience constant disconnection  during any movie streaming, downloading, or multiplayer sessions.
1	It constantly drops connection , meaning I have to reboot the router usually several times a day, and it cuts my internet speed by about 50-70%.
1	I was able to go multiple floors and still have a connection.
1	My only gripe about this product, that it doesn't handle a large amount of connection simultaneously well (200+ in my case).
1	As long as you don't have many simultaneous connection at the same time, this is a great product.
1	I put back my old router and yes virgina a get a wired connection but now nothing sees the wireless connection which worked before.
1	Ever since then, my roommate and I have had to reset it at least twice a day (there are absolutely no problems with the internet connection).
1	Uses a web interface to make updates, changes, connection, etc -- problem is that the graphic which is used for the different functions FREQUENTLY won't load (?
1	I have to unplug and router and plug it back in to bring the wireless connection back up.
1	In addition to very offensive customer disservice, the Linksys router seems to not be handle two computers' simultaneous use of the DSL connection for an extended period (>1/2 hour)- isn't that why you buy it?
1	A few days ago, even this failed to restore connection .
1	My Wife and I work from home and need our connection to be on 24/7; ergo, the constant hiccups were beyond frustrating.
1	I consider myself somewhat computer literate but had to hire a technician to come in and fix my internet connection.
1	Router worked great for a year and a half, and then proceeded to  drop connection randomly .
1	I am unable to stabilize the connection .
1	In other words, both connection are not "live" at the same time, only one is.
1	I believe the securityspot service (non-free service, try to monitor every connection) from the 1.
1	The router frequently drops connection , and if you use AIM or any instant messenger this becomes rapidly annoying to you (having to see the reconnect box 3 times an hour) and to all your friends (having to watch ur name sign on/off at the same rate).
1	11g card gets reliable reception, and even then the  connection is very slow .
1	I'm looking at other brands to replace this, as using this router is nearly as bad as trying to poach a connection from across the street.
1	Download process is slow, taking over an hour, even though the Internet connection on my side is extremely fast.
1	It connects with an XP PC a Windows 7 PC and XBOX 360, although the  connection is erratic  at times.
1	Anyway, when it comes down to it I'd prefer to loose the phones rather than my wireless connection so i guess we are stuck!
1	I still experience connection problems whatsoever .
1	First, a note: when I ordered my BEFW11S4, the page showed a picture of a thick device with three rows of connection LEDs.
1	When it was enabled, the connection would drop out .
1	The only way I found to get the connection back was to cycle power on the router (pressing the reset button didn't work).
1	The router is fast, with only  occasional connection drops .
1	was trying to convince me that the throughput is the negotiated speed (in this case 300Kbps) which Windows reports for the network connection.
1	Again, this is utterly unacceptable as current speeds afforded by N or even G routers will exceed home Internet connection.
1	Finally, my bad, I assumed that there would be an auto charging connection; instead there is a traffic monitor which DOES NOT charge the device.
1	One would have thought that an auto charging connection would have been included; I thought wrong.
1	I would suggest going to Best Buy or Radio Shack and putting your hands on them and look hard at how that connection is laid out, because it is very frustrating to have an otherwise great GPS that you can't keep charged.
1	It's been a rock solid connection with my main router, dramatically increased my wireless range, given me usable Ethernet ports without any additional wiring, and I can still use the subscription URL/parental control service from Linksys since my main router has original Linksys firmware.
1	My measured land line connection is at about 86M.
1	I bought this product so that I'd stop using Google Maps on my phone, which is of limited use when you're not on 3G networks or have no cellphone connection.
1	It couldn't get a good satellite connection multiple times.
1	This wireless router would not work with my Mac powerbook and my satellite interrnet connection.
1	I bought to get a "N" connection, but end up having to restart it at least twice a week.
1	Several times an hour, the router  drops the connection --last night I was walking a staff member through a long Web-based project, and realized what a nightmare this router is in terms of reliability.
1	I have a rock-steady DSL connection, so that's not the problem (if I take the router out of the equation, all's well, but then, of course, I don't have wireless access for the other PCs in the house).
1	Once I got it setup properly, it still  dropped connection often  on the wireless link, even though my Linksys wireless card showed a strong and high quality signal.
1	If you research this Router (as I should have) you will find this router is  notorious for losing connection .
1	zero issues, stable connection, and I even did a speed test, and this 6 year old, 20$ , discontinued, and a slight bit slow Gigafast Router vastly outperformed the Linksys BEFSR41 even when my Linksys was brand new and properly functioning a mere two months ago.
1	The phone  connection always seemed bad .
1	Even when I was able to get Internet connection, it's slower than dial up, and I have cable Internet.
1	Do not use this router if you need to have a lot of simultaneous connection going.
1	For some reason it also keeps connection information in memory for 5 days, further exacerbating the problem.
1	Supposedly it can handle thousands of connection and not degrade your speed critical applications such as VOIP.
1	Clear bluetooth connection (bigger speaker) if you manage to pair gps with phone (see cons below).
1	Some settings (like favorites, POIs or other) are 'forgotten' after power cycles, or after connection to PC.
1	Router is not very reliable -  unstable and slow connection  and downdoading; you have to restart your computer at least twice in hour.
1	My  connection drops now and then  and I thought it might be the SMC because it's several years old and the BEFSR41 might be more compatible.
1	It was always having a hard time establishing a connection with the router.
1	Even then it still  had intermittent connection issues.
1	I  lost the wireless connection about 3 times a day with this and had to do constant resets.
1	This product is ok but I am constantly having problems with it dropping my internet connection and causing a problem with my computer configuration for internet settings.
1	I gave it a rating of 2 stars because of its fast connection speed within a short range.
1	It is so basic that there is  a separate screen for each cable connection.
1	Add those 4 lights, if there are 4 LAN connection, then add other functioning lights for power, 2.
1	This NETGEAR WNDR 3700 router was returned as defective for poor performance, weak signal connection <i>, and buggy software.
1	It has been dropping connection like every 10-15 minutes making my wife going ballistic (she uses internet for work) I couldn't figure out where the problem is; called local cable company to see if there is problem on their end, have them send technician, then replaced cable modem itself and still the same.
1	I use VPN to connect to work, and my VPN connection was dropping nightly.
1	Renewal is simple, but then I have to re-establish my VPN connection <i>, and restart my backups which is painful.
1	The wireless functionality worked great, but PCs wired to the router would lose connection <i>.
1	I couldn't get the wireless connection to work at all until I downloaded the firmware update of 1/29/03.
1	Now I have a connection, but every time I try to enable WEP encryption or disable SSID broadacst, I lose the wireless connection <i>.
1	It started dropping connection and restarting itself at odd intervals.
1	Just like many other users, my connection would break <i>, it would act like it never seen my computer before to the point that I would have to repeatedly take it apart and reconnect the wire setup.
1	We managed to get wireless set up, but the connection was extremeley flaky -- it kept on dropping and we got page not found errors.
1	We eventually got the connection to be a bit more stable, but now we get periodic messages saying, "One or more wireless networks is available.
1	To see the networks, click here" and have to click connect to keep our connection (after an annoying delay).
1	This router will drop your connection faster than Kim K dropped her second husband.
1	At first it worked okay even with sporadic connection <i>.
1	I could never hold connection steady for a few hours.
1	Plugged everything in and router works fine, though I'm just using it to share an internet cable connection and to have a physical firewall.
1	The NetGear was easy to setup but dropped connection frequently and when working was very slow - taking 30 sec.
1	At the end of three hours I had not achieved a successful connection and I conceded final defeat when I lost my telephone connection to the second Linksys technician.
1	(Note the first Linksys technician to whom I spoke was unsure that a Belkin connection could in fact be achieved.
1	It dropped my connection constantly <i>, it needed to be reset daily in order to work.
1	Then, the panasonic skype phone started to refuse to connect to my network, constantly got connection problems <i>, random reset of the router, etc.
1	I don't know if this problem has been fixed in newer versions, but version 3 has a problem with port forwarding where it tracks old connection for 5 days which cause it to quickly stop working when you use any P2P app such as uTorrent or Limewire or anything else that creates a lot of connection.
1	as for the product, it is very good for our use in apartment home, haven't experienced any drop in connection since installing it last month.
1	My laptop will not hold a connection if I am more then 100 feet away from the thing!
1	The router worked well for the first 4 months and then it started dropping connection to various devices (iPads, Apple TV, laptops.
1	) It was extremely frustrating to start watching a show on Netflix only to have the Apple TV return to the main menu because the wireless connection kept disappearing <i>.
1	The NetGear "not-so-SmartWizard" used for installation requires an Internet connection to work.
1	But why are the download speeds a fraction of the speed of the wireless connection?
1	The wireless access always drops your connection <i>.
1	He has no problem with a great stable connection now and I'm purple with jealousy.
1	This router would give me full connection on my ps3 occasionally but never continuously.
1	Was getting bad connection from pingtest.
1	First, using Netgear WG511 pc card and router after the initial setup the connection lasted about 3 days before I had to do my first reboot of the device.
1	Following the next few days the connection wouldn't last from morning to evening without a reboot.
1	Although the WCG200 ostensibly supports WDS bridging and repeating, I believe firmware incompatibilities account for my inability to obtain a secure connection between the two products.
1	Enabling WPA2, WPA, or even old WEP on the WCG200 prevented any connection with the WRE54G.
1	The only way I could establish and maintain a connection was to (1) leave broadcast SSID turned on, and (2) leave the wireless connection completely open and unencrypted -- and that was after performing a manual configuration.
1	Even after a connection was obtained, throughput was unacceptably slow and browser pages frequently timed-out.
1	The connection was intermittent <i>.
1	First, I tried to set the router up using the wire connection to the old desktop.
1	When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly, the internet connection was just fine <i>.
1	The wireless is a little spotty - my connection speed bounces around quite a bit while not moving (and not being particularly far from the router).
1	The router has been very stable for all "wired" connection with good responsive speed.
1	But even if I did I wouldn't want to disable the firewall for the whole system to allow that computer to keep a connection with this router.
1	Out of the box, this router did not work at all with my desktop comupter; it was broadcasting a wireless connection for my laptop, but my desktop's connection was completely dead.
1	The signal strength is surprisingmuch weaker than my old super G, with frequent dropping of the connection on all 3 HP notebook running on G, as well as my Palm TX.
1	it drops internet connection every 2 or 3 hours and the range of wireless is less than 14 feet!
1	The first few months I had little trouble, the last month it has been dropping connection <i>.
1	 Had very slow connection <i>, and my wireless card would not connect unless I reboot the router (yes, very convenient).
1	The past few days I started to have connection problems with my wired PC, and tonight I unhooked the router, connected my PC back to the cable modem, and the connection is just fine; it's the router that I am ready to chuck.
1	Suddenly and mysteriously, the device will stop making connection to the outside after a number of hours.
1	I will watch as my maximum number of open connection goes from 500 or so to 100, resetting the cablemodem has no effect, resetting the computer has little effect, resetting the router fixes it right up.
1	For the not-so-computer-savvy users that want instant connection right out of the box with no configuration tinkering, the BEFW11S4 delivers.
1	Just read the Quick Install card to setup your computer's wireless adapater to gain access to the wireless connection.
1	In the unlikely event that your wireless connection goes down <i>, this device comes with 4 ethernet ports so that you can just plug in your computer with a regular ethernet cable (assuming that your computer has an ethernet card).
1	The wireless connection and ethernet can be used simultaneously.
1	I have tried a number of hard resets, but am relegated to unplugging and plugging the router back in every day in order to establish a connection.
1	It is utterly frustrating in that the computer is 8 feet away in direct sight of the router and is yet unable to establish a connection <i>.
1	I had to return the first unit because it would fail pinging (via wireless connection) after twenty minutes.
1	I would urge anyone who owns one of these units to try pinging the device FROM A WIRELESS connection (the ping via CAT5 connection is fine).
1	You can sit in the same place and have different connection (good, excellent, etc.
1	We may lose the internet connection <i>.
1	When attached to my old one it would drop my internet connection repeatedly.
1	In order to activate the wireless connection, I have to unplug the router, only then will my laptop pick up the signal.
1	After one year this router is dropping connection at random times.
1	When it works it is very fast, but I cannot have these dropped connection especially since they seem to be getting more frequent.
1	i couldn't connect to World of Warcraft through my wireless card connected to this router, or even if i plugged in the cat5 cable in the back of this router (wired connection.
1	There are no issues with the other devices in our house (ipods, laptop, PCs, BluRay Player), but I have been losing my phone connection with NetTalk.
1	The dlink rep told me to return it, so I did and the second one did link up, but it dropped the connection all the time and was unusable.
1	If It fail the only message is connection failed try latter.
1	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.
1	After hours and hours of investigation and setting different options and going through technical support, my internet connection was still slow and constantly breaking off.
1	 Drops internet connection every few days, requiring a hard reboot.
1	But once we move into an adjacent room, all bets are off- we get no wireless connection <i>.
1	The first problem is that the connection (both wired and wireless) drops out for a few minutes on a regular basis.
1	The second problem is that our wireless printer doesn't work well with this router having an intermittent connection <i>.
1	It loses connection with satellite <i>, there's delays in directions, wrong signals, no warning before battery dies, touchscreen is not sensitive enough to recognize input, and the list goes on and on.
1	The connection drops all the time <i>, you are browsing just fine at good speed (with cable modem have an average speed of 5Mbps) and all of the sudden the next click (or any other action over the network) never gets resolved.
1	Today I can tell that this problem is mainly on the wireless but still you have problems with the wired connection <i>.
1	I tried all the tips posted in these reviews so far, and a half dozen more on line but I got intermittent connection at best.
1	Anytime a cordless phone is used in the house it knocks out my wireless connection <i>.
1	The wireless connection is sometimes not stable <i>.
1	All three did not seem to know what they were doing - made me change some random settings (without any explanation) which did not make any difference to my connection.
1	I didn't have any issues with the wireless connection as long as there was a signal.
1	Some say it might be the ISP but I have another computer connected through an ethernet connection - no problem there when my wireless connection drops <i>.
1	You might find yourself losing connection without any reason or logical pattern, and it will result in long hours of frustrating efforts TRYING to solve the issues.
1	After a year using one, it started having issues keeping the wireless connection up to the access router.
1	I have taken the same equipment directly to the modem without any dropped connection <i>.
1	Both these software require uninterrupted connection <i>.
1	I'm not a techie so I don't understand why I can connect to the internet via my neighbours's wireless connection through my apt wall but not to my Netgear router two feet away from me.
1	I've owned this product for a few years now, and it recently just died - the ethernet switch portion is completely dead, which means no computer using ethernet can be attached to it, although the WAN connection still works (which still renders it useless).
1	Almost constant disconnection problems with the wireless connecting with two MacBooks and a Nintendo DS.
1	I recently purchased a new one as almost every day I would have to unplug the router power supply and plug it back in to establish an internet connection.
1	I bought this router without checking reviews here and got DSL connection drops just like many other people on day 1.
1	Lo and behold, the DSL connection drops stop and my cordless phone noise disappears.
1	I think this router wireless transmission frequency somehow interferes with the telephone line which, in turns, drops the DSL connection <i>.
1	The bad new is that I used to have my internet connection running for days or weeks on end.
1	I made sure that my internet connection was working before I even unwrapped the router.
1	Whenever I open WoW, it crashes my entire connection <i>.
1	I would see that the "internet" led light on the router would stay blue (turns yellow if there's limited/no connection <i>), but for some odd reason I can't visit any website.
1	This is a great router when it works, but when you're internet connection gets lost every few hours, it gets annoying.
1	-Poor administration and setup tools -Range extender doesn't show signal strength to AccessPoint (major design flaw) -A good connection b/w computer and range extender doesn't mean a good connection to your AccessPoint/network -No printed documentation for setup when security (i.
1	<i>Inconsistent connection strength laptop kept roaming to AccessPoint b/c signal was stronger than range extender, despite being closer to the range extender -"Auto" setup doesn't support WEP WPA (not well documented either) -At this price, setup, performance, and security support is very poor Strengths: -Solid, compact construction -Versatile power options (attach to wall plate or sit on surface) -Intuitive blue indicator light on box to show AccessPoint connectivity -Web-based admin tools (although somewhat lacking in functionality) -Looks great (only reason I gave it 2 stars).
1	We have a space that is only 60x40x30 feet requiring coverage inside the house, and there are often problems maintaining a connection through two walls and 40 feet of distance.
1	Unfortunately, my signal bar drops to one bar even I just step outside and there is no chance of getting a wifi connection in my shop even if the door is open.
1	Feeling very confident about my purchase based on the great feedback and reviews, I named my wireless connection as "Blazing Bytes".
1	Moreover, there should not be any drop in the connection speed if I connect the LAN cable to laptop using the new router vs.
1	Also of importance is that a wireless connection will sometimes be unable to contact the router once you take it off sleep mode.
1	After I took a lot of time to set it up, it still does not work with one of my computer on the wireline port connection, and it also does not work with my wireline connected network printer.
1	I have my doubts about the long term durability of the pop-in connection between the GPS screen and the suction mount.
1	In fairness, though, the connection between the 2820 and its weighted base was also prone to breaking over time.
1	When gaming or streaming, the DIR-655 begins to fail after 20 minutes and loses connection <i>.
1	All wireless connection fail <i>.
1	So the router impedes throughput and also some slow down even with wired connection.
1	Still, despite their being tons of complaints all over the Internet from BEFW11S4 owners that they are losing their connection all the time, and having to unplug and replug in the router to reconnect, Linksys doesn't seem to acknowledge that there is a real problem still outstanding.
1	The moment you lose your connection <i>, return it for a full refund and go buy a competing product (unless you want a new exercise program that entails doing a lot of standing up and walking over to your router).
1	But I had to return it because for an unknown reason, it dropped my connection from time to time.
1	But when I reconnect the router to the modern, the indicator light might indicate the connection was ok (green, the setup page also indicated proper connection with ip assigned) but I couldn't browse the web, or the indicator might indicate the connection was not ok(yellow)and stayed that way no matter how many power cycles I did on the modern and the router.
1	The Diag light went to solid red, I could not get a connection on any device, nor could I pull an IP or gain access to the router settings.
1	fine protocol is protocol, but they then proceeded to ask me questions that I had already answered, Insisted that I have a Windows XP computer to troubleshoot the problem on (even though I could no get a link light on any connection) refused to let me speak with a manager and in general were very rude.
1	The wired connection is interrupted <i>.
1	The thing needs constant restarts for your connection to be any faster than a snails pace.
1	I owned this device for about a year, then it started dropping connection several times a day.
1	This feature has a solid build, *fast* connection but it is not very stable.
1	05, restarts at least once a day, drops and reconnects the DSL connection multiple times a day.
1	Not only was the wireless portion dead but the wired connection were dead as well.
1	Anywhere lose connection at the same time on two different computers.
1	If you want a steady connection to the net, skip this router.
1	I got this over a year ago and it started out working just fine, then over time It started to drop connection <i>.
1	I have two computers downstairs strong signal but signal gets very weak on my son's laptop upstairs, it gets so weak that it flags "time out connection".
1	Well, I've bought a WRT54G and a WPC54G notebook adapter to have a nice, fast wireless connection to my desktops connected directly to fast ethernet.
1	However, connection don't last more than 4 minutes, even if I'm seeing WRT54G.
1	Wireless connection drop every 5 seconds after established.
1	Needed a router at that moment fast so I got a quick replacement from Staples and the brand new one drops connection too <i>.
1	5 ghz wireless speed fluctuates massively forcing you to reduce wireless access speed to get a solid and reliable connection.
1	At first I was led to believe it was due to too many simultaneous connection overloading it (though I never quite believed that) Now I can't do anything with a file over about 2mb even when it's the only thing running and no other devices are connected to the network.
1	Then it started dropping connection and acting flaky.
1	The problem was not my DSL provider (SBC), because a direct connection to my PC always works perfectly.
1	I would lose my wireless connection <i>.
1	I wasn't sure it was the router until i noticed my devices showing up as "Wired connection" when they were really wireless.
1	If you can connect an iPad via a wired ethernet connection, lemme know, but that's what this thing said was happening.
1	I was having the flakiest connection <i>.
1	Still, the link quality is poor on the wireless(goes from 100% to dropping the connection immediately).
1	The hard wired connection are great, very fast and always work.
1	Now my lights on my router say both wireless connection are working and on but nothing can even see the SSID from the router even though its set to display the SSID.
1	Then the router started to connect with two wireless connection instead of one.
1	On the other hand, the wireless connection drops out intermittently for no apparant reason.
1	The router dropped connection and needed to be power cycled 5 times 3) I decided to buy, try, and test the apple airport extreme router.
1	The main problem with this router is that the connection inexplicably drops <i>.
1	Sometimes disabling the wireless connection and reenabling it fixes the problem.
1	The time wasted trying to reestablish a lost connection makes this purchase more trouble than it's worth.
1	I have Comcast as an ISP using a Motorola SB3100D cable modem, meaning the modem utilizes the cable for incoming transmission and a dialed Telco connection for outgoing transmission.
1	The PC hardwired to the router worked fine, but if the remote PC wants to access the internet, the hardwired PC must establish the internet session (dial the Telco return connection) before the remote PC is able to access the internet.
1	Sometimes only the WAN (connection from router-(modem)-world) drops, most of the time the LAN drops too- both from my laptop (wireless) as well as from my PC (ethernet).
1	Can't release/renew IP, not even disable/enable NIC - to fix it you have to reboot the router (AND sometimes disable/enable NIC to get connection back!
1	Now the ethernet connection drops for no apparent reason <i>.
1	The device will cut in half whatever bandwidth will detect, so the farer you position it from your access point the slower the connection will be when going through the expander.
1	I had to play with the location to improve the internal reception, but even after moving the unit to an external area in a window facing the outbuilding, I receive only faint sporadic connection.
1	The router dropped connection after a few minutes .
1	I am now unable to recover connection <i>.
1	I've been using this router for two days and already I've begun to notice delays in the pages it serves, both for wired and wireless connection.
1	Pros: Works as described, increases wireless network range and speed Works with secured networks Compatible with Linksys routers Three year manufacturer's warranty Cons: Automatic setup doesn't work as promised (even on unsecured networks) Expander is prone to resetting or changing configuration settings if unplugged or power outage occurs Breaks frequently (in my experience), unit can heat up quite a bit during normal use Blue/Red status indicator lights do not always reflect actual expander status (ie 2 blue lights indicating connection, but connection is not present) Overall, when the products works, it works great.
1	But it can also be quite annoying when the unit decides its unhappy and resets or modifies connection settings rendering the unit inoperable.
1	Everything was great until it started dropping internet connection sporadically.
1	I am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every few minutes <i>.
1	The next day I noticed that my broadband connection to the web was very slow and I could not receive some e-mail.
1	The first one is at work, the wireless connection lost completely <i>.
1	I noticed that the internet connection speed was slow <i>, and my VOIP phone was noisy.
1	Never had so many problems with staying connected to internet (cable) ever and this was just my PC, the connection with the wireless notebook (when there was one) was painfully slow.
1	Thought it was a problem with my cable provider but as soon as I disconnected and reverted to old set-up connection has been fine.
1	Many times, I have been forced to reset the router for the gateway connection would get lost <i>.
1	Other times, I need to reset because the wireless connection is lost <i>.
1	The absolute most annoying thing is that the router seems to drop the connection frequently <i>.
1	 Frequently dropped connection <i>.
1	The cabled connection seem to work just fine for me, but what's the point if the wireless isn't working?
1	Whenever I connect my MacBook to it wirelessly, sometimes in seconds most often in a few minutes the router just freezes up, all my PC's connected to it will lose internet connection.
1	Speed of connection is pretty good too.
1	The only bad thing is the connection goes off every now and then which is really annoying.
1	 lost connection them my e-mail computer (DURON 1.
1	The wireless connection speed is now only 65mb/s on N.
1	This seems to be working, but the unit is taking well over half an hour to update, on a new computer with a high speed connection.
1	the connection lights with the internet remain ok, but the router just freezes, stops working and then works again in a few minutes.
1	 Kept getting our connection dropped <i>.
1	) we have not dropped a single connection and the coverage is outstanding.
1	WAY too many dropped connection <i>.
1	I was exciting for 2 mins after connecting to the wireless router but then my connection dropped <i>.
1	I was unable to establish connection .
1	THE GOOD: The internet (via hard connection) works fine.
1	They were: VOIP (Vonage) calls would drop as the internet connection would drop on the first ring and thus the Vonage device would go straight to voicemail.
1	 lost connection them my e-mail computer (DURON 1.
1	After finally getting the firmware updated, I set up the wireless connection.
1	I googled this item and learned it has a history of drops and many sites discussed a fix of zero-ing out a default five-second setting to keep the connection alive.
1	The only problem is,, that setting only works if your ISP requires you to login to your connection.
1	I don't know about other ISPs or countries but in the US, neither Comcast nor AT&T require you to login to your broadband connection -- it's "always on" which is one of the benefits of broadband.
1	This router (WGR614v6) keeps dropping the wireless connection <i>.
1	I was really happy that finally I would not have dropped connection and have better range.
1	To my utter dismay, after everything was setup and working, the router started dropping connection every 3 minutes and the range was about 1 foot.
1	Both computers get a good wired static IP connection to the internet.
1	I also had bad connection problems and the screens came up garbled a lot on the  web.
1	Then, the cust service rep tells me it is always better to update over a direct connection.
1	Unplugging it and plugging it back in might help, but who wants to do that a half dozen times a day just to maintain a constant connection?
1	I've tried all the workarounds, from updating the firmware to using a secure connection - and nothing really helps.
1	The connection is horrendously slow <i>.
1	Somehow, as the connection goes through the cable modem to the router and then to my laptop's wireless card, the speed is reduced to dialup sometimes.
1	Anyway, I finally gave up, only to find months later that there is indeed a problem with this router's firmware (related to DNS name resolution, which causes an intermittent but consistently occurring disconnection on the WAN port).
1	Run the setup program several times until it agrees that you indeed have an Internet connection; 4.
1	While the router was easy to setup and provides decent connection speeds when actually working, it periodically drops wifi connectivity on the 5ghz band for no apparent reason.
1	I have to reset the wireless connection on each computer in order to reestablish wireless communication with the router.
1	At least that one worked reliably, albeit providing a slow connection <i>.
1	In the first few days of owning it have had multiple problems with dropped connection <i>, just like many others have had.
1	It may coincide with the DSL modem dropping the PPPoE connection and getting a new IP, but I'm not sure.
1	DLink router that I bought frequently dropped connection <i>.
1	The connection drop is frustrating <i>.
1	Please search for the thread on the linksys support forum titled BEFSR41 v4 intermittent drop of connection which goes on for 4 pages.
1	I returned this router after the second day of dealing with it's constant connection drops and bought a Belkin instead.
1	It stalled and a flag came up "firmware failed" halfway through--probably because of it's dropping the connection during file upload.
1	In small print D-link tells you that some types of USB connection will fail so I did not pursue further.
1	Though I used the  WRE54G with a Linksys wireless-G router, planned the placement of all network gear carefully according to the Linksys  instructions, and even tried the automatic setup, no connection could be established.
1	At first, it worked great out of the box and I was even amazed at how simple it was to install, but then the next day the router kept dropping the connection to one of my PCs.
1	However, it would be better if it could be set up without having to use an ethernet connection first.
1	I purchased it because I liked the Bluetooth connection (just bought a used car without this feature) and the automatic traffic updates.
1	solid connection and easy to use.
1	Slowly it moves from excellent connection to a hit/miss thing and recently has stopped working totally.
1	There were frequent connection drops <i>.
1	I've had problems with the router dropping wireless connection from the get-go.
1	I can understand various things can go wrong with internet and wireless connection such as interferences etc.
1	I bought this GPS for my wife who refuses to get a smartphone, and I can say it is inferior in almost every way to the Google Maps navigation on my android phone, save for the fact that the Nuvi doesn't require an internet connection.
1	The setup was easy, the connection to both the wired and wireless PCs are consistently good.
1	This router is causing problems with DSL connection <i>.
1	But after several days, I had problems establishing a connection <i>.
1	I tried  resetting the modem, rebooting my computer, changing cables, fiddling with  addresses and various protocols on the network (dangerous territory for  me), and everything else I could think of, but the connection sometimes  worked, and sometimes it didn't.
1	It's still  taking me about 10-15 minutes of fiddling around with things to get a  working connection, so if the new firmware upgrade doesn't help, the router  is going back.
1	My first, the Linksys BEFW11S4, never sustained a connection for longer than 30 seconds.
1	The router dropping connection every 5 minutes <i>.
1	Linksys technical support even tried to dump me off to IBM technical support, but I just didn't buy it, considering my wireless connection have been fine elsewhere.
1	I have also seen many websites offering this suggestion and that, tweaking the connection software, upgrading firmware, blah blah blah, but honestly, how hard does it have to be to get my wireless network up and running.
1	The tv connection finally succeeded after an hour with a helpful Netgear tech rep, during which we had to use the 2.
1	However, you will run into connection lost problem if you have heavy internet traffic.
1	Cold booted the router and then reconnected internet cable and re-booted all wireless connection and it worked (for another 48 hours then do it all over again).
1	Worked ok for like 2 days, then the internet connection on the PC the router was connected to kept going up and down and then finally stopped all together.
1	If you run anything that needs a constant connection (MIRC,online radio,web cams) this router isn't it.
1	For the past 3 months I've had problems with it dropping internet connection <i>.
1	The router connection is poor <i>.
1	The router could not maintain a consistent connection to the internet through our cable modem.
1	Then, back to dropping internet connection multiple times per day.
1	current modem is connected through ubs, however, the netgear router requires an ethernet connection.
1	I pin-pointed a faulty internet connection function of the WNDR3700, even though the rest of it worked as expected.
1	It will be working just fine one second and the next, I have full connection strength but no packets flowing through.
1	This is consistent, even when there is no other devices connected to the router (hence eliminate the maximum device connection explanation), My other laptop, Lenovo W520, which has a N6200, works perfect and never lose connection.
1	), we finally established a connection verified by the blue lights on the unit itself.
1	0 os), because the connection was local access only.
1	The router loses connection with the wap (evidenced by a red light) and automatically finds it again after a few to several seconds.
1	) big antennas - on the opposite side of my modest two-bedroom apartment I could barely get a connection from the laptop, no matter what channel I chose, time of day, or star alignment.
1	Do yourself a favor find the new firmware as soon as you set it up it will tranfer much faster and I have yet to have a dropped connection <i>.
1	However, after using it for a week, I can't bear it any more because it drops connection more than 10 times a day <i>.
1	both would drop the wan connection after a few days requiring a reset of the router.
1	At least three times a day, the internet connection would be completely dead <i>, and the router and cable modem would have to be powered down and powered back up to re-establish the internet connection.
1	I recommend D-link as their wireless repeater comes with a hardwire port for connection and setup.
1	I got pretty decent speeds and connection.
1	Eventually, I wasn't even able to stream from Netflix or play a game online without being interrupted at least once or if I wasn't interrupted, I would have terrible internet connection.
1	I am so frustrated at this point because I am still not getting fast connection and it is completely unreliable.
1	Be warned that while some people are getting great connection and like the router, for some people like myself it is terrible!
1	)  I could also detect my own NETGEAR router, but the connection would fail <i>.
1	This is the second time (I've only had it 24 hrs but have played with it almost constantly) that I've made a connection with my router.
1	One room away (less than twenty feet) and I cannot get a good connection <i>.
1	Connecting to other wireless N routers (including other Dlink 655s) achieve a full 300mbs connection to my laptop.
1	USAGE: WPA2-AES QOS/WISH/SPI/All other features = Off 3X Wifi-N laptops (only one can connect to this router @ 300mbs) 2X Wifi-G smartphones 2X Gigabit desktops <10Mbs internet connection Signal is still great throughout an apartment with many concrete walls and over 20 other routers nearby.
1	One is in a not-very-well ventilated cabinet providing Wifi and wired connection to 5 people.
1	I routinely check the WiFi and network connection just to make sure no one has hacked in, previously all network connection showed up instantly, but not any more.
1	My current WiFi connection that I'm using to look at the router doesn't even show up on the screen that shows all WiFi connection.
1	Even when I sit next to the Netgear router, it is constantly dropping the connection <i>.
1	The expander loses connection frequently in my home (red light comes on).
1	It generally works but the reliability of the connection depends on where you are located and where the expander is located -- sometimes frustrating and I found myself simply unplugging it sometimes when I needed a reliable connection.
1	Finally, the power input developed a loose connection and it turns on and off over and over again.
1	The connection is terrible <i>.
1	After using it for a day, I left the unit turned-on but idle for the weekend and by Monday morning it wouldn't recognize (serve DHCP to) wired or wireless connection.
1	Overnight, between Monday afternoon and Tuesday morning, it decided to stop routing traffic to any wired or wireless connection although it was still handing out IP addresses.
1	) didn't help and I ended up using a direct connection to the Internet.
1	The main and only reason I had to return it is because it cannot sustain my VPN connection <i>.
1	It drops my VPN connection if I idle for 4 minutes and even the latest firmware (1.
1	My first, the Linksys BEFW11S4, never sustained a connection for longer than 30 seconds.
1	Before dropping the connection <i>, then re-establishing, then dropping, etc.
1	Linksys technical support even tried to dump me off to IBM technical support, but I just didn't buy it, considering my wireless connection have been fine elsewhere.
1	I have also seen many websites offering this suggestion and that, tweaking the connection software, upgrading firmware, blah blah blah, but honestly, how hard does it have to be to get my wireless network up and running.
1	Then one day (about a month after I bought it) my wireless internet connection didn't work <i>.
1	I didn't know what the problem was, but after resetting the settings, I had decent connection again.
1	Unfortunately this problem keeps reoccuring and about once week I lose my wireless connection causing me to reset the settings each time.
1	Supposedly Linksys doesn't guarantee a connection that is greater that 30'.
1	Having two computers, and a neighbor with shoddy wifi, I could only get a good connection on one computer.
1	UPnP port forwarding is one of its features I'm glad to have, uTorrent showed all green for connection.
1	When I fire up uTorrent, my mIRC connection drops.
1	My web connection drops to about 300kbps dl speed.
1	I experienced slow connection <i>.
1	Router dropped connection <i>, etc.
1	Problem is that I still get marginal signal sitting only 2 feet away from the router and it still drops connection every half hour and I have to spend a lot of time getting back to work.
1	anywhere near the line of sight; for the price they should have included a direct ethernet connection so it can be configured.
1	Also, the expander sometimes malfunctionsm, showing red access lights (ie supposedly no connection to access point) even when I could connect to it and actually reconfigure it.
1	If you hire professional help (which most of us will not do) they may be able to set it up for you, however, it will not be a reliable connection <i>.
1	Unfortunately, no matter if it is a wireless or wired connection, the device seems to "lock up" and no network traffic goes thru.
1	It is less expensive, relatively easy to set up (use an Ethernet connection) and works well as both an access point and a repeater (which is what the range expander is supposed to do).
1	Not only did I lose wireless connection <i>.
1	I even lost internet connection on wired devices.
1	This router worked fine with my Road Runner connection in NYC.
1	Also, the four port switch is useless as if I plug more than three connection in, the router locks up.
1	Tweaked a couple of settings and again everything seemed fine - but later that day we started losing connection to the web.
1	Every few minutes all connection/page loads would simply timeout for about a minute until the router woke itself up again.
1	The WNDR was ALMOST perfect except I was simply unable to get the WNDR3700 to passthru a VPN connection.
1	I configured it with a wired connection which was real easy then tested my wireless laptop.
1	I was attempting to resolve a dropped connection problem with my hardwired mac.
1	Everything includes: my hardwired desktop connection, my girlfriend's ibook (great reception), file sharing, and printer sharing.
1	I'm getting bad connection with my windows2000 machine even it is closer to the router.
1	The wireless connection worked okay, but I could never get more than 35% signal (40 feet, 2 walls between).
1	Con: - no firmware with WPA support to date - I am not able to achieve expected speeds downstream (upstream is fine) with a Broadcom 54G mini-PCI card - I am able to get full speed with the WG511 card in the other laptop Pro: - Range is great - Did not crash once on me - Wireless connection is 100% stable (I use VPN so that is fairly important for me).
1	In addition the wireless connection breaks daily for no apparent reason.
1	I find that it drops wireless connection (as others have mentioned) and hard-locks when it overheats (about once every week).
1	What's truly maddening, however, its wired connection doesn't work <i>.
1	With both Verizon DSL and Comcast cable modem service, it chokes and drops the connection whenever I try to go to a webpage that has a large number of images.
1	I believe the problem is that the circuitry can't handle a large number of connection to different servers at one time -- like facebook's set of image servers.
1	I had the same problem as another reviewer with losing connection <i>.
1	It would be so much nicer if the map file could be downloaded at work, which has a fast T3 Internet connection, then run the install as a separate step.
1	It appears that my connection is no longer dropping <i>, but I still have a weak signal when I'm right next to the router.
1	This effectively kills all current connection <i>, including all downloads.
1	Setup was extremely easy, but connection speed from 5 feet was bad <i>.
1	My connection kept timing out <i>.
1	Speedtest'ed the wired connection @ 23+Mbps, my room about 50ft away @ 14+Mbps.
1	Also if your considering upgrading from a G Network to an N Network i would say the difference is negligible unless you have a fast internet connection.
1	After I was done, I didn't have any wireless connection from two computers.
1	Setup is not for newbies, you'll only want to buy this if you're comfortable dealing with a hundred different settings for your network (which is of course how people want to spend their time :-) Problem is, the unit constantly drops connection and reboots itself.
1	From the very first week the connection was dropping constantly - 4-5 times per day I needed to switch on and off to make it work.
1	I immediately got good connection with everything.
1	Wireless connection is laggy and slow.
1	LAN doesn't work, Internet doesn't work, wired or wireless connection don't work <i>, Router's admin page doesn't come up.
1	I notice if I pop something in the microwave, I would get slowdown and crazy jumpy connection which causes the movie to hang.
1	Then, I began having intermittent wireless connectivity issues ( connection would drop or worse, I couldn't connect at all).
1	Garmin's web site self help suggested downloading a software update but I could not get that to work, although a connection between the unit and my computer was successful, the file transfer failed.
1	I purchased this for the main purpose of having the UPnP usb connection on the back, which is basically having NAS.
1	After several minutes of them not being able to understand your questions, they drop connection <i>.
1	IF the range expander is placed at the edge of the reception area as recommended in the install guide it will connect to the router/AP at the slow connection speed available in that location and then expand THAT slower speed.
1	You can speed it up by moving the expander closer to the router/AP, it will then expand the connection speed available from THAT new location but this then decreases your overall range.
1	In addition, it frequently dropped the wireless connection <i>.
1	The wireless connection could only be restored by rebooting the router.
1	I cannot tell you the amount of time we wasted rebooting puters, rebooting cable modem, and redoing all the connection to make sure it wasn't a problem on our end.
1	It immediately recognized my ethernet connection and I was soon set up and running 130mbps at 5' from the router and 270mbps down on the first floor kitchen table.
1	to be able to handle inbound FTP connection to my FTP server.
1	), but inbound FTP connection would consistently fail after transfering a few thousand bytes.
1	The directions included with the router did not end up working easily, so I had to take several additional steps which I managed to find online using my Mobile Broadband Card as secondary internet connection.
1	It didn't take that long on my computer as I have a fiber connection in the house.
1	I originally bought this router in 2003 with plans to set up a wireless network in my home where three computers were operating on 3 different connection - two unique broadband links (Cable, DSL) and one on a 56K modem.
1	A year later I did finally figure out the router enough to get things operational so that others could share the cable broadband connection in my household.
1	Helped a lot with the wired connection (Have a NAS drive with photos and Videos)   -- Didn't test the throughput of the wireless bands but didn't see anything slow down when they were working  THE BAD   -- The data monitor built into the device is pretty useless.
1	until I tried to use the wireless capabilities: I can establish connection <i>.
1	But then connection drops after every 2 minutes <i>.
1	I don't know what interaction with the router might be, but after I disconnect from the VPN, i lose wireless network connection <i>.
1	well, before it was dropping connection every few minutes <i>.
1	Everything checked out fine UNTIL it tried to find the internet connection.
1	Finally found the user manual which described about six different types of internet connection.
1	It found my internet connection automatically, but if it hadn't, there was a lovely typed instruction sheet in the box listing LOTS of DSL providers, including mine, with details for how to configure things.
1	The unit worked great for about three weeks then the WiFi dropped connection and started to have slow speeds on N-G.
1	My neighboor's connection is more reliable and has better signal.
1	The router constantly disconnects if you use password protection for connection.
1	I can't say enough about the new thin screens and their nice connection to the ball connector on the bean bag.
1	Before I used the router, I have normal internet connection with easy setup.
1	Once the router is working for the wired connection, it nevers works for a wireless status.
1	It's a breeze to set-up, and it may work fine for weeks or a few months, but then something happens and it results in either extremely slow internet speeds or no connection at all.
1	Even though I was able to connect to the linksys web site, the setup wizard kept failing to detect a network connection (not a good start).
1	After playing with the router for a few more hours I was finally able to get the wireless connection to work, but none the wired connection work.
1	I tried to connect this router into an output port of my 3Com router and connected my wired connection into the 3Com in an attempt to use the WRT54G just for wireless connection, this did not work.
1	However, once the device was setup, it would work for maybe 3 or 4 minutes and then it would kick me off the internet (while still maintaining what it called an "excellent" connection to the router).
1	This router throttles my 20 megabit per second (Mb/S) cable modem connection significantly, and it gets worse over time until it is unusable.
1	Could not even get it to work with WIRED connection.
1	After a year with the Linksys WRT54GS Wireless-G Broadband Router with SpeedBooster (that created an immense amount of frustration and anger due to constant disconnection to the internet), I went ahead and purchased this router after doing my research.
1	Most importantly, in my bedroom I always have a connection, whereas before with my Linksys router I was finding it less and less common to be connected there.
1	my whole family soon noticed internet connection would randomly stall every 10 to 20 mins for about a minute which is long enough for internet pages time time out.
1	2 of them dropped the connection intermittently, one completely died, and the other had horrible speed issues(dial up speeds on a broadband connection).
1	When the unit worked--it worked great, but most of the time it would lose its internet connection <i>, and would stop talking to the roadrunner modem.
1	11n wireless The slower speed of the *old* DSL router is not relevant since it only serves as a broadboand router for DSL, and you don't need a Gigabit connection to the Internet anyway.
1	If you're a gamer, or you use your computer on the net and need a constant connection, this router is not for you.
1	The router itself is about nine feet from me, with no obstructions and the antennas straight up and down, and my connection fluctuates from extremely poor to good <i>.
1	Meanwhile, I'm doing very well with my new modem and my direct cable connection.
1	My first, the Linksys BEFW11S4, never sustained a connection for longer than 30 seconds.
1	Before dropping the connection <i>, then re-establishing, then dropping, etc.
1	Linksys technical support even tried to dump me off to IBM technical support, but I just didn't buy it, considering my wireless connection have been fine elsewhere.
1	I have also seen many websites offering this suggestion and that, tweaking the connection software, upgrading firmware, blah blah blah, but honestly, how hard does it have to be to get my wireless network up and running.
1	Since then, it has been working pretty well for about 3 weeks except it loses connection to the net about every 5 days, but this is quickly fixed with a reset.
1	Good thing the router was cheap and my work doesn't rely on an uninterrupted connection <i>.
1	And some days I cannot get both the wired and wireless connection to work at the same time.
1	In fact I'm sitting here now creating this review while connected with a wireless connection and I can tell you without hesitation that this unit.
1	At this point I'm getting a 100% excellent connection where I got 50% before so I'm quitting while I'm ahead and not trying to figure out how I got it to work.
1	I'll need to set up a connection in another room in a few months so will deal with it then, hopefully in less time than I messed around with it this time.
1	Next day, we bought a Netgear RP614 router, and after an initial call to tech support to work out an issue with the router talking to our kind of cable modem (a "telco" or 2 way modem, which needs a cable connection for the downstream, and a phone line dail-up connection to complete the upstream), we were up and running smoothly, and have had no more troubles with the network since then.
1	Fair wireless connection throughout the house (though the "through-the-walls" range is NOT what is what Link-Sys purports it to be).
1	The router would constantly drop the connection (every two hours or less), and would have to be reset manually (walking down to the router and pulling the power cord.
1	The key is that this router that I paid for does not function - I lose connection on both wireless AND wired systems.
1	100Base-TX uses only four of the eight wires in an Ethernet connection, requiring Category 5 (data grade) cable for reliable transmission and reception.
1	After 10 minutes the router would slow my connection to the point that it was unusable and <10 k/sec.
1	A full router reboot would return the connection to full speed only to degrade again in 10 minutes.
1	Easy setup and great wireless range, but what good is it if it jacks up your internet connection and you can't use its features?
1	Review of n&uuml;vi 1490LMT Strike 1 - It took over 6 hours to register and update to the latest maps (T1 connection).
1	We ruled out the cable modem/connection (at least our cable company claims there's no problem).
1	I can't quote him directly per the disclaimer in his e-mail, but to paraphrase he basically said we were lucky the router kept a connection at all with multiple computers accessing the WAN at the same time!
1	He also told me to adjust my MTU value, giving me about 5 values to try, saying to try each one until my connection was more stable.
1	Really a disappointing product; I'd look for a powerline adapter instead - or even consider pulling some wire through the attic if you really need a decent connection.
1	Mine repeatedly dropped the wireless connection <i>.
1	And now I have a terrible connection and upload speeds even with wired PCs.
1	I agreed to settle the issue through replacement because I don't have to pay for the shipping and that since I will supposedly receive the new router first, I will not have any down time not having a connection at home.
1	After one started dropping out each night ( refuses wireless connection <i>) I replaced it with a newer one of the same model.
1	This router, while exceedingly popular, is very poorly designed, has a much shorter range than most of its competitors and does do very well at sustaining high speed (or low speed) connection for any period of time.
1	I have a hardwire connection from my router to the LG BD370, so you would think it would be simple.
1	The first one worked great for the first month, after that I was getting constant connection drops which required me to reboot router.
1	Over time the router would drop connection more frequently until it was finally rendered useless.
1	At least 1 a day, more often 2-3, it goes down and I have to pull out the plug, count to 15, retry it, and repeat until I get a connection again.
1	Internet stops working once in a while for both corded and wireless connection.
1	Cons: it  will lose connection and from then on the wireless on all bands will have a short range, like 1m or less.
1	Even Netgear support rep agreed that there is a bug in the firmware which makes the router drop connection with the internet (wired and wireless).
1	I've had to reset the router fairly often and the connection speeds are consistently slower than the previous version of the router.
1	I was convinced that the cheesy connection (symptoms too numerous to mention) was due to my ISP or my own possibly crappy installation of my broadband antenna on my roof.
1	I got a WDTVLive box and never had a problem with the earlier version but this one won't even let it connect without screwing up all the other network connection.
1	Afterwards needed to reboot several times a day as the wired connection to my WAN would lock up.
1	Hasn't had to be rebooted yet due to connection issues <i>.
1	2) Every once on a full moon, the internet browser fails to recognize the internet connection; this means resetting the router and unhooking/rehooking everything back up which is not a big deal in and of itself.
1	Using the WPC-11 PCMCIA cards, I have encountered constant connectivity "hangs" over the months, always requiring me to hit the reset switch on the back of the unit to regain a connection to the Internet.
1	My first, the Linksys BEFW11S4, never sustained a connection for longer than 30 seconds.
1	Before dropping the connection <i>, then re-establishing, then dropping, etc.
1	Linksys technical support even tried to dump me off to IBM technical support, but I just didn't buy it, considering my wireless connection have been fine elsewhere.
1	I have also seen many websites offering this suggestion and that, tweaking the connection software, upgrading firmware, blah blah blah, but honestly, how hard does it have to be to get my wireless network up and running.
1	At that point the we couldn't connect to the router via wireless (only by wired connection).
1	Walls also quickly kill the connection <i>, causing the signal to drop in half when entering a different room.
1	Not surpisingly, I can't walk more than 5 feet outside my apartment without completely losing a connection on my laptop.
1	I've also seem odd pauses and lost connection after making a simple change to the configuration settings, like changing the router password.
1	(The AirPort recently began to drop connection after eight years of solid service.
1	In the very brief time it worked the wi-fi range was excellent and the throughput seemed good; I never had a chance to try streaming video or anything else that would tax the connection.
1	There's got to be thousands of posts dealing with essentially the same issue; a lack of wireless connection stability <i>.
1	have over the years provided capabilities that Linksys themselves didn't put in the box on their own, such as having routers that link up over the wireless connection, or routers that can work well in P2P applications with hundreds of active connection.
1	This new router was slower by far, dropped connection <i>, had much less range, weak signal, and customer/technical support (I think from Somalia) was a travesty.
1	 Could not get a connection to last for more then 5 minutes.
1	I spent two days trying to get router working properly, but it constantly drops wireless connection <i>.
1	Perhaps helpful in specific situations but since it's broadcasting broadly you may inadvertently downgrade your wireless connection <i>.
1	When only 1 wireless is connected, the wireless router coughs a lot (intermitten connection).
1	It has been worked fine until recently drops the connection from time to time.
1	Own two of these in separate homes, both version 6 -- both have to constantly be reset/power-cycled because the wireless connection goes dead <i>.
1	It also drops the connection even if I'm in the same room.
1	Idle connection are automatically dropped and there is no idle timeout option in the web configuration.
1	The wireless connection is not very stable .
