0	Works great no problems since setting this unit up lots of options and good signal strength .
0	I've had it for a long time working with more signal that it gives from factory and it has been working great .
0	since i was in a hurry i just put it on the floor and got a good signal strength to improve the signal strength i put it about 3 feet above floor and got a better signal .
0	I have had no problems and get a good signal everywhere in my house .
0	It gives a good signal all around the house .
0	The signal strength is excellent and its very easy to install I have three wireless laptop computer and I can move them anywhere in my house and still have excellent signal strength .
0	Set security The router works great The software on the CD ROM is just awful Once set the router just works My ranch house is very long and a Linksys repeater was needed to get the signal from one end of the house to the other .
0	My barn has a Linksys as well since it is too far from the house to get a good signal inside .
0	The two routers are wired together with Cat5 resulting in a very good signal everywhere on the property .
0	Plug the cards in and run the software My only complaints are that first I have no 2 4GHz phones in the house and without running the microwave I still experience loss of signal .
0	You just need to be aware of walls etc which will slow down or block the signal somewhat .
0	I did not get an N router because of mixed reviews and felt I couldn't benefit from it with DSL signal of 3 3 MB .
0	I was worried about the signal strength since it was about 150' away .
0	The signal is decent at about 50% and is usually pretty stable .
0	When it has a signal it is very fast .
0	I may try the longer antennas they sell and see if that boosts the signal .
0	I get a great signal everywhere in and around my house .
0	I have signal strength et al but I can't even ping the router .
0	When we had followed all of her insructions and there was still no signal to our laptop she gave us a number of other places to call for additional help .
0	In one room local hot spots no more than a few inches in diameter producd a 10 dB change in sensitivity 3 1 in signal strength .
0	The best location for my WUSB54g turned out to be on the side of the monitor where internal metal acted as a corner reflector significantly amplifying the signal .
0	But once I got this treasure the performance and signal received away from my central computer improved over 50% .
0	I would suggest buying this to improved your signal and performance of your home networking needs .
0	We have a decent signal throughout our two story house and have had no disconnects .
0	I saved the change and it works It's been on constantly now for over a month and I've had no dropped signal and no resets needed .
0	I rarely have a dropped signal .
0	I typically operate at a range of 30 feet with one floor ceiling between my laptop and the router and get about 80% signal quality and 48 54 Mbps .
0	I am testing it and so far no drops just the signal range I am a bit dissapointed because it will not reach the whole house though I can't set up the router in the middle of house but I put 4 stars to this product just because of its configuration process after that I really like this product and would recommend it .
0	The signal is excellent and I'm extremely pleased with both products .
0	The router's range even reaches every room in my apartment through walls while still maintaining signal strength .
0	One of the big features is it can improve your signal strength .
0	Also I have not had a dropped signal since I hooked it up about 1 month ago .
0	Router is in my computer room upstairs and I get an 80% signal strength downstairs in my living room .
0	The router is in the office but I still get a signal in my living room .
0	I use a Linksys and SMC Notebook Cards and always get a strong signal .
0	I have never been suddently disconnected and although I haven't checked the maximum range of the signal it's still Excellent within 20 meters with wood walls in between .
0	I first set it up with 64 bit encryption but had frequent signal drop off .
0	I don't have any signal drop no reception issues watch hulu netflix etc .
0	<p> very good signal even it drop connection once while .
0	I tested signal strength by taking my laptop on a stroll .
0	By the time I was behind my neighbor's garage and I was still getting good signal I declared victory and came back inside .
0	This router was easy to set up it has a strong signal and it supports any security scheme you would want at home .
0	I always have an excellent signal and it makes sharing my broadband Internet connection with my laptop a breeze .
0	I have no loss of signal strength connects everytime so far and had no issues I couldn't resolve .
0	I have one desktop right at the other end of the house buried inside the bottom area of a computer desk the signal strength used to be marginal fixed this by making up a 4ft coax extension cable with the proper connectors to lift the antenna on the PCI card up to desk level .
0	Problem solved the signal strength is excellent and the network connection runs at full 54Mb s all the time I highly recommend this product .
1	It's working but with a very weak signal .
0	The signal will reach into my basement from the top floor with some degradation 3 story house .
1	Initially my PDA HP Jornada wouldn't detect the signal .
0	I am in a rather small apartment so I cannot attest to the strength of the signal but I get full bars everywhere in the apartment .
0	I then went to Linksys webpage and downloaded an utility for easy setup and in minutes I was browsing the net on my Centrino notebook wirelessly Its a good Router and the signal is fairly good throughout my home Good for Indian homes for the beginner in wireless networking as well as advanced user .
0	Now I know why I received poor or no signal strength from this router .
0	I then switch to Linksys and wha la I now receive GOOD to EXCELLENT signal strength while I am more than 70 feet away with walls and all kinds of obstacles in the way in my three bedroom apartment. The instructions that come with this router are approximately five pages long .
0	I'm getting excellent signal all over my house even when doors closed and with 3 walls in between which means this can be read easily by any nearby neightbor .
0	I was actually surprised the signal reached all the way to the other end of the basement .
0	and package arrived on time as mentioned by amazon and setting up was easy and the signal was terrific in all the rooms so i would greatly recomend this product for those who dont want to spend much on wireless router and get best quality .
0	No more dragging cords around with my laptops I can go anywhere in my house and still receive a signal .
0	I have the PC in a room immediately below the router and signal strength through the ceiling shows 'Very Good' .
0	One thing that truly surprised me is signal strength in my 50 year building .
1	Turns out that signal is lost significantly when you notice that 2 or 3 walls are blocking the signal's way .
1	Then I had problems with the signal dropping off .
0	The signal hasn't dropped off since .
0	It works very well providing a good signal throughout my house .
0	Well it was easy to get up and running seamlessly replacing our old router and now I can surf the Internet with my PSP from anywhere in or near the house The security settings were easy to apply and with the Broadcast signal turned off there is no reason to worry about anyone hacking our system .
0	<p> signal strength was good and i haven't had any connection dropped .
0	I get a strong signal through the whole house no problems .
0	Quality and strength of signal are acceptable even two floors away and outside .
0	I was concerned about the signal strength due to the distance a concern which proved to be correct .
0	The signal was okay but marginally .
0	The 5 db antenna is magnetically anchored to her table by sitting on a recycled tuna can top and this raised the signal to full strength as shown by the Netgear signal meter .
0	I have been using the router for about 2 weeks now and have never lost signal or signal strength .
0	Signal strength a little disappointing in other parts of a 3200 sq ft house .
0	Update 12 06 signal strength has proved to be just fine wherever I've connected .
1	I do not have a large house but if I go further than the room next to the router my signal strength is drastically reduced .
0	Did notice that with WEP encryption turned on there is some degradation in signal not too bad though .
1	Two walls apart from it the signal would start failing .
0	Having done all this I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently covered by the signal .
0	Apart from speed the signal is consistent and works without interruptions etc .
0	The radio is quite decent I have the router in the basement and I can get signal throughout the house 3 levels up .
0	The signal strength from this distance is about the same as it was with my old Wireless B .
0	<p> Signal strength has been excellent and I have no complaints .
0	I now get speeds from 11 48Mbps with an average around 24 and signal strength of Good or better .
0	I walked all over my place and even into the bathroom to see what signal I would get .
0	The bathroom is on complete opposite side of my place than my router is and I was getting about 60% signal there .
0	The strength of the signal upstairs in a room while the router is in a room downstairs is excellent or very good .
0	You gotta love this one for the signal not the alien design .
0	The router seems to put out a strong signal as I get very decent reception through multiple walls as well as multiple floors .
0	The range is pretty good we are able to easily connect to the internet upstairs when the router is downstairs and it maintains a strong signal .
1	I deducted 1 star for signal strength since there are some areas of my house that the signal is weak though still usable .
0	Even with my 2 4 Ghz phones on I get great signal strength and quality .
0	Serves the whole house two stories with excellent signal strength .
1	My dad wants to use the laptop in his bedroom which is 4 walls away from here and the signal that he gets is really low .
1	So we need to buy a booster signal attachment or move the router to the middle of the house and buy me a PCI wireless card for my PC .
1	For some strange reason though I am able to get a signal in my basement which is 3 stories down .
0	Works great no drop outs and signal has is great Went outside in the garage even the backyard still connected and i'm quite a ways from the router .
0	<p> Good strong signal from anywhere in the house .
0	My Mac's Airport Card detected the signal as soon as I turned the Router on asked me for permission to join the network and voila I was up and running .
1	Used to have a D Link and no signal not even close to the router .
0	Changed to this Linksys and now I get strong signal even in the other end at a different level of my spacious home .
0	I get a perfect signal from anywhere in my house .
0	reliable and can get a signal several feet from my .
0	I popped in the software on Machine 3 running WIN 2000 and in a couple of minutes had a great signal .
0	So through walls and over distance I still had very sufficient signal strength and quality .
0	An advise I can recommend to boost the signal strength is try to experiment the Channels from 1 to 11 .
0	Haven't tested distance but it does a great job for my entire house and yard giving a strong signal everywhere .
0	I particularly appreciate the router's logging feature since I can check it to make sure nobody has hacked into my network and is accessing the net using my router. One of my prime concerns was signal strength I wanted to be able to go anywhere in my somewhat large apartment and still get decent signal .
0	I'm very very pleased in this regard I can be in the back bedroom and the signal strength seems as strong as it is next to the router .
0	Range and signal is far superior to what I had before .
0	After a walk around my yard and surrounding area with my laptop I suffered no serious drop of signal until hitting the far edge of the router's range .
0	I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced the signal strength seems ot be much stroners seldom falling below the very good range and most often excellent within 25 50 feet of the router .
0	The signal strength is awesome I get a very good signal through two walls .
0	The unit is located in the 2nd floor office and I can easily receive 100% signal in the far corner of the basement .
0	I like this router alot its great took no time to install but i called linksys and they said it had a 40 Foot range my computer is about 18 feet away from the router and my signal is low all the time and it only runs at about 36 0 Mbps or less at all times i did everything they said and it never fixed it so now i have to buy an $80 range expander or deal with the problem my opinion is unless your only going to be 10 feet away from the router at all time don't bother getting it without a range expander because the computer has to be basicly on top of it to get a good signal i give it 4 stars because up untill now i'v had a good expierience with linksys and the router signal may be low but it doesn't give me all that much trouble its just playing an online game and have it say no packet flow and kick you off then find out its bacause the router signal went dead is very annoyiing so to the point basicly it only has a 10 foot range don't believe what they say .
0	With other thigs that usually makes other routers loose their signal .
0	When I bought a linksys USB adapter for a distant PC downstairs about 35 feet away that machine picked up the signal immediately even though it was weak 18 mbps .
0	I tried new network cables had road runner come out and boost my signal downloaded their latest and greatest firmware and I talked to their tech support numerous times .
0	The only problem I've had so far has been the range of the signal the device puts out .
0	As i mentioned before the signal from this device didn't reach across our house .
0	The range is very good with the signal quality always at excellent .
0	I am able to get 80% signal strength on the second floor~ I am surprised that this router perform so well considering that I live in one of those colonial style houses where the house tends to have higher ceiling .
0	At its maximum distance from the Router I have seen degradation in the displayed speed from the rated 54 Mbytes to as low as 11 Mbytes and Signal Strength from Excellent to Good .
0	By default installation puts an icon in the System Tray that allows you to easily monitor the Speed and Signal Strength for whatever that's worth. However I have discovered one dead spot in my house from which the connection frequently fails .
0	No problems so far and I get great signal throughout my 3br house and on the backporch too .
1	The laptop would not even see a signal when it was 5 feet away from the access point .
0	Replaced a Linksys wired router Dlink DWL 900AP with this router and it's performed flawlessly and with a bit more signal .
0	The range signal seems very good with this router .
0	The signal strength and speed are fabulous all over the house .
0	I returned my G for the Linksys WAP 11 B with a signal booster and am very pleased to report the signal quality is strong and with Linksys technical support the installation was successful .
0	Reasonably easy to configure great signal strength and great compatibility with products made by other manufacturers .
0	So far I've been able to take the laptop to any room in the house with full signal strength even with microwave interference .
0	In fact the only place where I lost the signal was out in my driveway on the street which is good that's the whole point .
0	It's giving me a about 70% signal strength with the router being upstairs and my computer being several rooms away .
0	I have not lost the signal yet .
0	The signal strength is good for the house and after a week I am fully satisfied with this router .
0	No down time great signal strength .
0	Even though I did not end up buying this router from the seller I later obtained it from a brick and mortar store I have been very pleased with it so far It was very easy to set up with the included CD and ethernet cord and has much better signal strength than my previous Netgear router very important when you have a 2 story house and the router is upstairs but laptops PS3 are downstairs It was also easy to set up the privacy features to lock the wireless router so no neighbors etc could borrow our paid for internet service .
0	and the signal strength is strong .
0	The range and signal strength is good all over the house including the basement .
0	A couple of times we've lost the signal and had to restart the router but it's infrequent and easy to remedy .
0	The router signal is perfectly adequate there is a full strength signal on the top floor and just a bar down in the upstairs bedroom in the other half of the duplex .
0	The signal bar is usually a half to 3 4ths full and the internet functions fine .
0	Although we have many types of cordless phone frequencies 900 2 4 I didnt get to see if there were any major disturbances in the signal .
0	The signal strength of the router is fantastic .
0	It's about time companies started building affordable routers that you dont need to buy and additional antenna signal booster for .
0	Easy installation and great signal strength .
0	I get a 54 Mbps signal all over my house even down stairs .
0	Easy setup works great and good signal .
0	In five minutes the Router was configured to my host PC and my Laptop was also running didn't need any help with the Laptop and had installed everything for it earlier in the day My router is located on the top floor of my house and so far my signal rate is at least 65% throughout the house and I can say this is just fine for internet access .
0	The signal and link strength at the adapter is almost 90% and I can transfer files between the computers at a consistent 50 Mbps .
0	The signal is virtually full all over the house in fact at the end of my garden in my shed I still get powerful signal and the router is in the attic room .
0	So try also to position your new router someplace away from an exterior wall or a window you don't want the bulk of your signal going out the window .
1	Unfortunately its signal strength is not adequate for use from my deck must be the metal doors .
0	I have had this router for several weeks now with absolutely no problems no signal dropouts and no interference with my cordless phone .
0	The signal strength is great and setup was a breeze .
0	The thing that prevented me from giving this 5 stars is that the signal fluctutates .
0	I can work at all my house and I have signal .
0	I have the WPC54G card on a WinXP laptop and get good 60% signal throughout the entire house router sits in the basement Ensure you get the latest firmware driver upgrades for the router and or PC card s .
0	Every so often maybe once a week I lose the signal connection for a period of five minutes or so .
0	Range is good the router is at one end of the house and my laptop picks up the signal all the way over on the other side .
0	Well when you are 120 feet away from this router the signal says Low however it reads 3 5 mbps .
0	It was easy to setup and gets a great signal anywhere in my home .
0	It provides a strong signal even with the router in one room and some of the devices connected at about 80% strength two rooms away .
0	The signal is still very usable a few paces outside .
0	My apartment has concrete walls and It seems that If you have to cross more than two walls the signal deteriorates to about 10 to 15% with some interruptions .
0	Linksys makes it extremly easy and thier 24hr tech support is very helpful if you miss something small I get 60% signal on the 3rd floor which is more than enough for most occurances .
0	<p> Signal strength is very good across the whole house including different floors .
0	the speed is more than adequate Also the signal booster for the 11b routers will not work with the wireless g router even though both operate on the 2 4 GHz frequency However signal stregnth is pretty good and I can move my laptop pretty much anywhere in my house .
0	During the day depending on weather conditions my signal will read very strong to low but never gone .
0	The signal strength is great and there is a lot of 3rd party firmware upgrades for people looking to get a little more out of it .
0	I have a one bedroom Manhattan apartment as in small and in the next room I get only a 30% signal .
0	I get full signal all over my townhome .
1	The signal kept dropping out every 5 minutes .
0	The only time the signal was lost was from outside of the house .
0	My old unit didn't reach all rooms in the house about 3 000 sq ft one story and now it does although on low signal in some distant rooms but it works I've also called the Tech Support line I'm also trying to configure the Wireless G print server for which I needed help to get the wireless to work .
0	Easy install and setup great signal strength .
0	I can use it all around my house and the signal is quite strong throughout .
0	Always connects and has a strong signal .
0	My signal has been strong and unfailing throughout my mid sized apartment .
0	It has excellent speed and range and there isn't a spot in a two story house with less than 80% signal strength .
0	Easy to install good signal strength and almost effortless configuration if you know what you're doing .
0	The tablet PC also had to be in same room as the router to get signal .
0	This product works like it is 4 0 5 walls between my laptop and this router and have a Good Signal .
1	My matching card in my laptop also Linksys is beginning to give a little intermittent problem and my laptop loses signal occasionally but usually I use the Remove Hardware icon on my taskbar in WinXP and safely remove the card and plug it back in and I get it back .
0	I bought this router for my 2200 sq ft house thinking that I would only be able to get a signal in adjacent rooms but to my surprise every corner of my house gets reception .
0	Throughput is very satisfactory as is quality of signal .
0	Most of the time I have 100% signal strength Do follow the manual recommendations as other reviewer mentioned and secure your router .
0	I had previously given this unit and its accompanying 54g pc card glowing reviews I wanted to note some second thoughts First my throughput tests via ftping a vob file between windows machines with 54g only fastest setting on card and AP no WEP right next to the radio 20 MBps Not very impressive If you add the supposedly only for 802 11b signal booster the signal and range are greatly extended but the data throughput is mysteriously cut in half to 11 MBps Now I understand why the signal booster is not marketed for the 54g AP but I dont understand why a radio signal booster would DROP throughput weird At the same time with a regular 802 11b access point I am lucky to get 1 Mbps down my hallway not I have about 7 MBps throughout the house so its all relative .
0	<p> No signal dropouts and the laptops work all over the house .
0	I strongly recommend doing that My signal strength has been great no problems .
0	The USB adapter is not internal but it is much easier to hook up and I can put the little antenna higher than the tower for an even better signal for the two I only paid 100 bucks and got a 30 dollar rebate by using my new amazon credit card and a 10 dollar rebate from Linksys on the router so my total outlay was only 60 bucks but it was a bargain at either price .
0	If you need better signal try one of the other 12 channels as you would with a cordless phone .
0	Had it not been for the Norton software completely denying access to the internet it would have been a quick problem free installation of the router which is working great very strong signal and great security features .
1	Typically I've found that a signal will struggle to find it's way through three plasterboard walls .
0	Then I switched on my Apple iBook its Airport Networking found the signal displayed the network as available and I was wireless I have subsequently bought a Linksys USB wireless adapter so that anyone who is visiting with a computer can just plug in the USB adapter and be online wirelessly in less time than it takes to type this .
1	The D Link had great range but FREQUENTLY dropped my signal .
0	I was receiving an excellent 54MB signal two floors up and through a couple walls .
0	The signal remained strong throughout the house no dead spots .
0	The signal strength of the Linksys router is at least twice as strong as the MN 500 .
0	Really like that it makes sure you are aware you need to hide your network and keep it secure from people leaching off of your signal .
0	We get great signal strength anywhere in our home through walls or floors to a distance of 30 feet away .
0	After some initial trouble with signal strength on the first day I've had only a two periods of time each lasting about 30 minutes where bandwidth varied widely .
0	The distance of the card and the router is long but the signal remains stable .
0	Vontage includes a router with their service so it can split their broadband signal to the phone and the desktop computer .
0	Even 802 11b cards got a stronger signal with better signal quality than with the Linksys 802 11b wireless router .
0	<p> Signal strength is strong even though it is buried in closet out of view .
0	The signal strength is not great but the range covers the apartment with no problems .
0	At my house there is a lot of RF interference from a local county airport and my laptop wouold only ever get poor to good signal quality .
0	I get reception where I want and the signal has no problem shooting through my house .
0	However low signal strength in some parts of the house perhaps because of a c ductwork .
0	It was my 3rd purchase in a series of failed G compatible replacements I'd previously tried units from Netgear and D Link and none of them had useful range beyond ~30 feet in my conventional wood stud drywall walled home This Linksys unit blasts a usable signal beyond 80' indoors and into my backyard without any booster antenna or awkward attic upstairs placement .
0	My key criteria was a reliable useful no drop signal that my mixed PC Mac B G environment could handle and the 54G meets it quite well .
1	Cons It drops a signal at least once a day .
1	I know it's not my computer and dsl modem that's dropping the signal but the router itself .
0	I would suspect that if you're in a house with decent separation between you and your neighbor you might not have those signal drops .
0	I get excellent signal strength from anywhere in my house a necessity considering the fact that my Wii and router are about as far away from each other as possible .
0	Functionality 10 10 The router is fast and the signal strength is very good .
0	This router's signal is strong and I have yet to have a problem anywhere in or out of my house .
0	I get about 24 MBPS while sitting on my toilet other side of house lol otherwise I get a strong signal about 50 feet away .
0	It works flawlessly for me fast connections and good signal strength .
0	I finally ended up buying the 802 11g PCMCIA card from Linksys and I am now very happy The signal strength seems better than my older WAP11 and the firewall configuration offers much more flexibility than my older Linksys firewall I would recommend this product but only if you are planning to buy an 802 11g card as well .
0	Signal strength to a Dell notebook with a Linksys WPC54G Wireless G Notebook Adapter is excellent .
0	I have it in my garage thru cement walls in the house and even out to my backyard I have an excellent signal .
0	It has worked perfectly and the signal is very strong at about 30 feet .
0	It took about 4 hours to get up and going but now that I have it I absolutely LOVE it Excellent signal and speed I just wish it had been easier to install .
0	i have great signal strength anywhere in my house .
0	I am very pleased to tell you that this product has been working great since that I got it and I have a very good signal range all over my place even using an internal wireless adapter on my notebook .
0	<p> Great signal strength even from the basement and I am 2 stories up .
0	The installation does not involve any complications and Excellent signal strength .
0	<p> Strong signal anywhere in my house and obviously no breakage so far .
0	<p> Signal range is good so far haven't done much extensive testing yet though .
0	Finally with my WiFi network setup I took my laptop outside with a Linkys WiFi 802 11g card and checked to see how long the signal would extend .
0	though the signal is not strong as WGT634U 17dBm TX 91dBm RX max the antennae are removable upgradable that means I can use active antenna to improve RX TX .
0	The router is connected to my windows vista desktop and my windows vista laptop and seperate xp windows desktop are recieving the signal .
0	The signal is always strong and no breaks in three weeks of constant use .
0	Despite other comments the signal strength is awesome even with the unit under a shelf .
1	I had a Belkin and it was total garbage I had to keep unplugging it as it would always lose the signal .
0	My second was a netgear This would work until I had a few items on it at once and then the signal would get weak .
0	This streams hd video to my tv and my wifi pc's always have a strong signal even when i'm outside .
0	<p> Good signal strength throughout my 1400 sq' house garage and in about a 30' parameter around the house .
0	Installation was easy following their instructions using the included CD and signal quality and connectivity are good within two adjacent rooms in an apartment .
0	My house is 2120 sq ft the house alone and I can go anywhere in the house and the signal is still strong So A on the range and the speed is good too .
0	Works quite well consistent signal strength and quality I am able to connect to this router every time with no problems whatsoever .
0	I checked the signal strength in different parts of the house before I disconnected my old router and then after connecting the Linksys router .
0	The router works great has a great signal strength and speed even when I run my X Box my laptop and my cell phone booster off it .
0	It was flawless to install and with this router in my basement I get a good steady signal on my 2nd floor .
0	And so far the signal is very strong and problem free .
0	The range is great works anywhere in the house with excellent signal strength even works out in the back yard on the patio with very good signal .
0	It would load music fine on the tv but movies it wouldn't load at all signal wasn't strong fast enough I guess .
0	The router sits in the basement of my 2 story house and I get a very strong signal 4 out of 5 bars even when I'm on the top floor .
0	A word of caution If you intend to carry an operation device from one location to another over lapping coverage areas you will probably have to manually scan or momentarily stop wi fi and re in able it allowing the device to acquire the higher signal strength transmitter .
0	The setup CD walks you through signal strength prompts so that you find the best location .
0	After adding the extender the same iPhone 4S registered a full signal while standing in the same outermost location .
1	Prior to installing this I would sometimes have a shaky signal .
0	I have had and now plan to add a roku in my bedroom since the signal is now strong enough to support it .
0	A very small increase in the signal strength .
0	IT WORKED The device is now broadcasting a solid signal that can be used throughout the house and on the deck .
1	I had signal problems with my iPad .
1	My bedroom is down a long hall and around a corner and I barely got a signal and sometimes the signal just went away .
0	The connection to the notebook adaptor has blazing speed with a great signal .
0	When I first connected up wired to configure it my Mac detected and asked if I wanted to join the wireless signal still running fully open .
0	I only have 1 wireless laptop and it had a very strong signal in the 2nd floor bedroom that is the farthest point in the house from the router which I have in the basement .
0	The wireless has a strong signal and you are even able to play video games on it without experiencing any latency issues .
0	My Mac picked up the wireless signal immediately but getting my modem to communicate with this signal was another matter .
0	This new wireless router the Linksys simply rocks Signal is great in all of the rooms of my 3 story 3 bedroom long house 40ft even when I put the router in the furthest lowest corner of the house .
0	My wireless card was crappy but the reception was still good because the router's signal is strong .
0	<p> No dropped signals no interference no problems I would highly recommend this product to anyone interested in going wireless .
0	I have been able to receive wireless signal across the street from my PDA with decent signal levels I'm just waiting for my new notebook PC to see how well the signal strength is on the go .
0	The signal was usable at a range far greater than my existing linksys and netgear router nice surprise those 4 internal antennas must help .
0	My 2 XBoxs Ipod Iphone Ipad are all catching a nice strong signal .
0	The only problem I have had so far is my Apple TV which was operating on the 5 0 Ghz signal .
0	As far as performance my very old Linksys 54g worked fine with a strong signal and a solid 54 mbps wireless .
0	NOW IT IS Love the Netgear N900 and so does our garage tenant who gets a much better signal now .
0	The signal is great and way better then linksys e4200v2 which I returned because it lacked the above features and .
1	had poor signal compared to this beast .
0	This new netgear router has a stronger and farther signal both in the g and n bands compared to my previous routers .
0	The corner of my house is now covered and my cellphone is getting a stronger and more stable wifi signal .
0	The signal strength is considerably better .
0	Just as good is the fact that our distant downstairs signal quite a long ways from the upstairs router and the reason I picked up the N900 clearly gained strength from 2 bars before to 4 5 now .
0	As another reviewer has stated I would also suggest setting your 2 4ghz to 217mbps mode for a reliable signal good bandwidth and happy neighbors .
0	Wi Fi reception is not as good as the Linksys was but I can get a decent signal outside or in our warehouse up to about 300 feet away and then it falls off quickly .
0	it's so easy to set up the signal is strong throughout the house and if you're into making adjustments on your settings that's easy too .
1	The range didn't even cover half of my house it worked in the room it was in and one room over and after that the signal dropped off dramatically .
1	I was getting 23 Mbps in the same room about 18 Mbps in the next room and then if I moved more than 2 rooms away the signal dropped to 1 Mbps or was lost entirely .
1	Even if I go 4 or 5 rooms away from where the router is located where the Linksys product lost the signal entirely I still get 23 Mbps excellent performance .
0	With it's coverage of both frequencies signal boosters no cd installs what's not to like .
0	This router will not only get you a great signal throughout your house it will get it across the street with ease .
0	If you want strong signal everywhere in your location and the benefit of using one usb printer for everyone this will do it for you and do it very well .
0	The 4500 has a more amplified signal to broadcast the signal farther which can translate into greater throughputs for a given location .
0	What I have found in my testing is that the more amplified signal of the 4500 does equate to better performance overall versus the 3800 with non bonded channels in the 2 4 GHz band and bonded channels in the 5 GHz band though both routers were inconsistent with both finding and maintaining a 5 GHz signal in my most remote test locations .
0	In fact I was able to get good signal two houses down from mine .
1	My internet was always giving me a weak signal until I upgraded to this router .
0	Have been using N600 for quite some time but in a certain part of my house was getting very week signal replaced it with N900 am getting anywhere from 2 to 3 bars depending how I hold my iphone .
0	This is indeed a good router with excellent signal I won't repeat what other people already said .
0	This router packs efficient high power amps on both the 2 4 and 5ghz antennas meaning better throughput throughout the house and better signal and coverage .
0	It fixes some of the problems of the previous crown holder the WNDR3700 such as 5ghz connectivity and signal problems and upgrades the speed to a combined 900mbps on 6 spatial data streams .
1	while its tempting to set 2 4ghz to 450mbps i mean who dosnt want max speed however 450mbpd uses channel bonding 40mhz channel width which will cause interference with your neighbor's wifi signal and also your own if their channel happens to fall under yours .
0	450mbps on the 5ghz band however is recommended because the likely hood of any 5ghz signals is small and to have that signal fall under your 5ghz channel only decreases the chance any problems will arise .
0	signal seems to live up to its claims of being 30% stronger than anything else on the market .
0	Also I might mention that I still get signal in the front of the garage approx 30 yards away from the router and through about 3 walls and a garage door .
0	The signal is still strong on my phone .
1	The only expectation I had that was not met was the range of the signal which is probably only 10% more than my old cheap router .
0	In a nutshell The WNDR4500 was the clear winner for me at the farthest usage point from my router through multiple walls and floors it not only provided a stronger signal but also provided twice the throughput as the EA4500 .
0	2 the Received Signal Strength Indicator RSSI which is a measure of the signal strength at the receiver .
0	The higher the RSSI the stronger your signal and so the better the chance that you will be able to receive content from your router .
0	The N Technology really delivers and signal strength is great even two rooms away with walls separating them .
0	If you have any corners of your house unstairs or downstairs that you haven't gotten a full signal for your electronic toys try the N900 Router .
1	The 3700 was good for awhile but eventually starting regularly dropping the signal .
0	The 4500 had better signal strength all through my house than the 3800 did .
0	Not that the 3800 has a bad signal it's just the 4500 was better .
0	Both radio frequencies work fine and I get a strong signal and fast connections.
0	I have great signal at the 2 TVs laptop desktop 2 cell phones and 2 tablets .
0	The result was that our WiFi signal seemed to be sufficiently strong 60 to 75 dBm and reliable in most rooms of our home as well as on our backyard deck .
1	However at the kitchen table where I usually work the WiFi signal was always weak usually 80 to 90 dBm or non existent as the signal would become lost entirely .
0	Upon installing and configuring the new Netgear N900 I immediately set up my laptop on our kitchen table and was pleasantly surprised to see 4 out of 5 bars about 50 to 60 dBm displayed on my laptop's WiFi signal strength indicator where I normally see only 1 or 2 bars I have yet to completely lose my WiFi signal while using this router except during those times when our microwave oven is in operation for short periods .
0	I highly recommend this router to anyone experiencing similar signal strength issues to mine in their home .
0	The reason for my need for a stronger signal is because my PS3 downstairs was having trouble running Hulu after a new neighbor moved in .
0	I have the TV DVD and Roku hooked to the 2G channel and the two computers and X Box connected to the 5G signal .
0	The signal strength is also excellent .
0	But it seems to be worth every penny The signal strength is phenomenal through walls past boiler rooms up the stairs .
0	I still have a signal 3 stories away in my house .
0	In regions of the house where I was getting 1 bar with occasional drop outs the N900 is showing full signal strength .
0	For a residential grade router the signal strength is impressive and have no issues at all when using the WiFi wireless analyzer app throughout my house .
0	I wanted to upgrade it for a better one like Asus RT 56U that could carry a wider range of signal reception and handle heavy traffic bandwidth for online gaming .
0	It let's you setup a temporary signal to share with visitors or like me neighbors you assign the time that you want to allow them to connect to your router from 2 hours to as many months you'd like after the assigned time it will block the signal .
0	Netflix and Amazon movies no longer pause because of signal issues .
0	It seems to blast a strong signal to all areas of my home on both wireless G and N .
0	I was looking for speed and signal strength as well as VOIP compatibility and would give it 5 stars without hesitation .
0	And what a performance I went from three signal strength bars to five and although I haven't tested it yet it seemed faster downloading .
0	I had a Netgear RangeMax G router before and I wasn't happy with it I found the signal poor and I had to reboot the router at least once per week .
0	Netgear N900 so far has given a stronger signal than my previous router everywhere throughout the house 3500 sqf 2 story house and much faster internet connection .
0	My TV and and my ipad show full strength signal throughout the house and I enjoy a faster wireless connection to the internet .
0	For my particular installation this router performs superbly as a wired router with very acceptable signal degradation on my second floor home .
0	My new ipad3 was getting a weak signal so I upgraded to the N900 and now I can get a strong signal anywhere in the house and even outside .
0	All devices connect just fine and signal is VERY strong and fast all through the house and in the back yard .
0	It has not dropped the signal yet and I have owned this router for about 3 months now .
0	<p> Great signal strength on both 2 4 and 5ghz .
0	the 3 floor PC gets full strength signal and 35mb s awesome and as far as looks go well looks great also and guest feature is nice has a lot of features if you have kids parental controls timer ect love the thing best router i have ever owned .
0	This one NEVER drops the signal and the Range is awesome .
0	<p> SIGNAL STRENGTH OK its pretty but that's not where this bad baby ends its got power .
0	The N900 puts out a STRONG signal .
0	Some were flakey with wired connections while others lacked sufficient radio signal output to reach some of our preferred living areas .
0	The NetGear 4500 was not only a pleasure to install less than 10 minutes it literally blew the doors off any of the other routers when it came to raw signal output from its WI FI radio system .
0	This is no big deal since the 2 4 signal is plenty strong in a location where a repeater was needed before This one unit has single handedly replaced FOUR aging Linksys WRT 54GLs that were previously required to support this same wireless network with wireless G .
0	<p> Signal strength 25 % stronger .
0	Range very stable no dropping signal .
0	Setup was very easy and the range is fantastic Even the next door neighbors are able to share the signal .
0	We use multiple devices laptop ipad kindle plus the neighbors use laptops and ipads and we are not complaining of signal strength or speed .
0	In my opinion you can't go wrong with this purchase as it is a great price for speed plus signal strength .
0	But the bottom line is that the N600 already has excellent signal coverage .
0	The reason for the upgrade was to improve signal coverage .
0	The signal from the N900 is much stronger than the N600 .
0	I get 3 bar signal at my neighbors house .
0	The office in which this is setup is at the far end of building and it's signal has no problem reaching the opposite end of the building's basement where our customer waiter area is .
0	Previous router would not get signal to the basement at all even getting signal to the opposite side on the same floor as the router was sometimes a chore .
0	The signal on this N900 router is fantastic .
0	Unfortunately this construction does not permit as much of the router signal to leave the house as I had imagined that it would .
0	With today's stick frame construction I am sure that the signal would reach well beyond the house .
0	Instant cure The signal to the back bedroom is strong and constant .
1	This blocked the signal enough where I couldn't connect at the other end of my house .
0	Now I have a strong signal all through my house .
0	I had previously tried the Netgear WNDR4000 and the Linksys E4200 in that same location and neither of them provided the signal strength that the WNDR4500 provides .
0	On the WNDR4500 the signal strength is strong enough I could leave it set to 'auto' on the other two routers I tested they had to be set manually .
0	I was attracted to the extended signal range feature because I have an older home with lathe and plaster walls that reduced my signal significantly in the room I prefer to use my laptop in .
0	The N900 promised a better signal and it delivers on that promise .
0	I highly recommend this router especially if you have a need for the extended signal range feature .
1	With my 2 year old Linksys I barely got a signal in my basement from the router being on the second floor in my home .
0	With this router I get between half signal to 3 4 signal all the time in my basement .
0	The router itself is very fast and I experienced a very noticeable increase in signal strength all locations within my house switching from my previous n router to this one .
0	<p> Signal strength is excellent shows 5 bars everywhere in the house my previous router showed 1 bar or failed at some distant points in my home .
0	THE ROUTER DIDN'T DROP A SIGNAL CONNECTION even with an average of 30 active wireless connections .
0	My room is about 75 feet away with a few walls between but even with those my phone registers anywhere between 75% 95% signal strength .
0	I have noticed a marked difference in connection speed and no dropped signals .
0	It sometimes drops my wireless connection and even the signal strengh is quite high .
0	I work at my home with Linksys Wireless Router and I can walk around my house with my laptop without losing signal .
0	A few more minutes to configure the wireless connection and I was up and running As I sit in my kitchen a floor and 20' feet away I have excellent signal strength even though the furnace and water heater and gobs knows how much other stuff are interposed I'm running XP pro on a Dell Inspiron Laptop fyi .
0	Since installing the Linksys RE1000 Wireless N Range Extender my signal is strong and sure .
0	Worth the money if you have a lot of wireless devices on your network and want fast router with a good signal .
