1	I called Netgear and the technician asked me to do a ping test between a wired host and router to determine if the intermittent connectivity I was experiencing on the wireless was a router hardware problem.
1	com and notice that with the Linksys wireless WAP11 and the BEFSR41 router under product features they say: Compatible with All Standard Internet Applications.
1	People that buy these wireless units and believe they can walk over to their neighbors yard with their laptops will be disappointed in the range.
1	I switched back to my old Linksys router BEFSR41 and plugged in the Linksys wireless WAP11.
1	The extra plus is I can move the Linksys Wap11 to obtain the best wireless distance.
1	I put back my old router and yes virgina a get a wired connection but now  nothing sees the wireless  connection which worked before.
1	I bought this as part of my plan to turn my house into a wireless Xbox paradise.
1	Signal strength and speed drops the further one is from the wireless router, as expected.
1	I got this router a month ago to hook up a desktop mac and two wireless systems; ibook and imac.
1	Once the router was working with the desktop, the  wireless stuff was brainless .
1	Any, I am returning the router because the wireless line drops everyday.
1	I have to unplug and router and plug it back in to bring the wireless connections back up.
1	LAN still worked, but wireless just stopped on all 4 computers connected by wireless.
1	If it weren't for its fatal flaw, overheating, it would easily be my favorite wireless router I've used to date.
1	The wireless would suddenly quit , and the only recourse was to unplug the router, let it cool off, and then plug it back in.
1	This thing is now completely worthless in terms of wireless.
1	I was pretty excited about setting up a wireless network at home and did a little research beforehand.
1	First, the instructions told me to connect with a cable before I started to use the wireless capabilities!
1	How ridiculous--I bought a wireless router because I don't have Ethernet cards!
1	Their tech support told me a wireless Ethernet card would work, though, so I proceeded to set it up.
1	I bought a wireless card for my roomate and I connected directly to the unit with a cable.
1	She was only 9 feet from the wireless antenna, with "almost" direct line of sight.
1	I've connected with many wireless networks and this Linksys router did not connect to my Ibook.
1	It's not possible to print from the wireless powerbook (unless my desktop computer is on and printer sharing is on).
1	And when I called Linksys, they wanted to set me up with ANOTHER RMA, giving me TWO total, and TWO  broken wireless  routers.
1	The primary problem is that that it interferes with all phones - even non wireless fixed lines.
1	Anyway, when it comes down to it I'd prefer to loose the phones rather than my wireless connection so i guess we are stuck!
1	I don't have a lot of experience setting up a wireless computer, so I don't know if what I had to go through is just Linksys or if it is common for other routers also.
1	My problem is that I have only one cable outlet in a very inconvenient location, so I wanted to get the wireless set up so I could use my desktop where I wanted it.
1	Maybe I'm doing something wrong because I have talked to others with wireless and they had no problems.
1	Easy to set up and worked at first but after 3 weeks wireless just stopped working -tried everything to get it working again.
1	I bought this router together with the Linksys WUSB11 USB wireless adapter.
1	Product worked just fine for 2 yrs and then one fine day the  wireless gave out (wired router function still worked).
1	My purpose was to provide wireless Internet access for my Mac (using an Airport card), and to hook up a network mp3 player.
1	Plus, even though the Linksys is wireless, it also has 4 Ethernet ports in the back, and I thought that this would be the perfect transitional item to help me on my way - when I made the decision to go wireless.
1	Using MAC address filtering, and with it being turned ON, I can only input a maximum of 24 wired/wireless MAC addresses, to allow access to the router (for security purposes).
1	I have more wired and wirelesss devices (+ friends' and guest's devices) than the DIR-655 could handle.
1	I had a different brand wireless-B system.
1	When I got this router, I was very excited to set it up as it was my first wireless router.
1	After a long time of set-up I was impressed the wireless signal filled my whole home!
1	After about 10 months of use the router stopped working,  no wireless  signal only wired.
1	I would not recommend buying this router, I would recommend buying an apple airport router as this little box had to take over the wireless for my whole house (and the express is made for small homes and apartments) but it still managed to take the load, on top of wireless music streaming and managing a printer.
1	11g wireless network and we wanted to expand it to a second building on our property.
1	So, I asked for his help turning encryption back on and here comes the blow, "The wireless range expander doesn't work with any encryption, in fact, if you turn encryption on, it will screw up your entire network.
1	The wireless range expander was returned the next day.
1	After some tweaking and getting settings correct (the people in the Sveasoft forums were a great help), I have the router set up as a repeater (via WDS) WITH ALL 4 ETHERNET PORTS WORKING as a wireless bridge!
1	In my original plans, I thought I'd have to pay $99 for the Linksys Wireless Range Expander and another $100 or so for a wireless Ethernet bridge but by going with the WRT54G router w/Sveasoft firmware, it only cost me only $49 (router) and $20 (Sveasoft).
1	It's been a rock solid connection with my main router, dramatically increased my wireless range, given me usable Ethernet ports without any additional wiring, and I can still use the subscription URL/parental control service from Linksys since my main router has original Linksys firmware.
1	I needed a range expander because I had a weak signal from my wireless router in remote areas of my house.
1	First I'm a novice at setting up a wireless network - but not an idiot.
1	The settings are under the wireless tab and then the wireless security sub tab.
1	- Have your wireless PC up and ready to go - you'll need it.
1	- Turn off security on your router (on the wireless security sub tab) - and re-enable when you're finally through configuring this animal.
1	You should be able to "ping" the device when it's wireless - by going to Start, run, entering cmd - and then from the cmd prompt ping 192.
1	- Linksys sells a wireless internet video camera on Amazon to add to your network - now that you know what you're doing you may want that toy.
1	This wireless router would not work with my Mac powerbook and my satellite interrnet connection.
1	WRE54g stopped responding whenever one of my  wireless clients disconnected .
1	If you want to expand your wireless network DO NOT buy thisa product.
1	When I run setup, my laptop never sees the Expander, but to really stick it to me, it prevents my laptop from using the wireless router at all - even after I disconnect the Expander.
1	Doesn't work by wireless or cable connect.
1	I had visions of blistering-fast wireless speed dancing in my head, since my Dell X300 has fast wi-fi built in.
1	I have a rock-steady DSL connection, so that's not the problem (if I take the router out of the equation, all's well, but then, of course, I don't have wireless access for the other PCs in the house).
1	I've switched the channel on my wireless phone and twiddled with other settings, but that didn't help.
1	Once I got it setup properly, it still dropped connections often on the wireless link, even though my Linksys wireless card showed a strong and high quality signal.
1	First, I purchased the wireless B products (router &amp; USB adapter), but 90% of the time, it didn' work.
1	I exchanged it with the wireless G router and PCI adapter based on the recommendation of the store employee.
1	The first wireless G adapter I purchased did not even work in the setup.
1	I tried again, the wireless function did not work , called Linksys customer service again, and after 40 minutes of waiting and 2 hours on the phone with an incompetent service rep who continued to skip steps, the Linksys customer service rep told me to exchange the products.
1	I recommend staying away from any of the Linksys wireless products, and if you're brave enough, make sure to keep your receipt!
1	I have the wireless pc card and the ethernet card and they worked ok.
1	I purchased this router to replace an SMC Barricade NAT Router I have behind a Linksys wireless router for security.
1	The wireless Linksys works very well.
1	I was torn between this particular line of wireless N routers and the Airport Extreme Base Station mainly for their use of shared hard drives over a network.
1	My read / write times averaged in the single megabytes per second range and this was typical of both wireless and wired access iwith multiple file systems being experimented with.
1	If all you do is surf a largely static net, then this is as good a router as any & works both wired & wirelessly without problem.
1	Yes, I was connected finally and wireless now!
1	I lost the wireless connection about 3 times a day with this and had to do constant resets.
1	I can't wait until they work out the bugs and I can go wireless.
1	Maybe we are just demanding wireless users, but the DIR-655 crashes daily.
1	I expected that newer wireless routers with the latest technology should show a big improvement.
1	As I began to write this, it had been almost six hours of attempts to set up our wireless network with no luck.
1	It was the  wireless part that was a pain  to deal with.
1	After following ALL the steps in the User Guide that comes with the router, I got on the phone with a guy from Tech Support, who ran me through most of the same steps in the User Guide (that's fine, that's part of his job), yet after 30 minutes or so with him on the phone, we still couldn't get my laptop and my desktop to be on the wireless network for more than a few seconds at a time.
1	I mean the router will stop functioning alltogether, drop all wireless clients , and refuse to give internet access until I unplug it and plug it back in.
1	I purchase this item in search for a secure 108 mbs wireless system.
1	I have a mix of wireless-g and b and both connected right away to the new router.
1	I had no issues with DHCP on the wireless-b router that I replaced and found this very frustrating with the new router.
1	Decided to upgrade to wireless when I found out that my old Netgear was not working correctly any more.
1	The wireless functionality worked great, but PCs wired to the router would lose connection.
1	The problem got progressively worse to the point where I can only access the internet from my laptop which connects wirelessly.
1	I purchased this to replace my wireless G.
1	My 35 dollars wireless router was just as good or better than this one, too bad I sold it to my friend.
1	I bought the WRT54G wireless router to connect to my new Compaq Evo laptop with a Multiport 802.
1	I couldn't get the wireless connection to work at all until I downloaded the firmware update of 1/29/03.
1	Now I have a connection, but every time I try to enable WEP encryption or disable SSID broadacst, I lose the wireless connection .
1	After several calls and e-mails Linksys finally said that non-linksys wireless network devices have not yet been tested with the WRT54G.
1	I consider myself somewhat sophisticated when it comes to setting up wireless routers.
1	I have liked Linksys since my first networking kit back in 2000 and I thought setting this router with my DSL and other system with a wireless linksys adapter would be a breeze.
1	Either way, the wireless way was one of my favorite purchases in the last few years.
1	For the time being(until I get a new wired router) I have my cable modem plugged into my wireless router and everything is working perfectly and I have my normal internet speeds back.
1	When my Netgear card worked fine on a different vendors wireless network, and a Cisco card I borrowed did not work with the Linksys router, the run around started.
1	Yesterday, I received my new Gateway 4500 with a built in wireless network card.
1	Apparently, Linksys routers are known to be tricky in configuring to a wireless network - Gateway even provided SPECIAL instructions for this particular router (they didn't work.
1	Both my wireless card (also from Linksys) and the router were up an running in less than 15 minutes.
1	It was a piece of cake to get this set up for my mother with a Mac and a Windows 2000, both on wireless.
1	We managed to get wireless set up, but the connection was extremeley flaky -- it kept on dropping and we got page not found errors.
1	We eventually got the connection to be a bit more stable, but now we get periodic messages saying, "One or more wireless networks is available.
1	or more to go to another page, wireless or connected.
1	Short videos would frequently stop playing after a few seconds or so and wouldn't go on no matter how long I waited, wireless or connected.
1	The wireless portion of the router stopped working after only 10 months.
1	Range is not as strong as i expected, it did not work well in my home as the range did not improve much over the old wireless-G router i had.
1	It worked okay for wireless, but it wouldn't work at all for our VoIP phone which is the reason we purchased it, even though it was the model we needed for this purpose.
1	I had a Lynksys  wireless router which broke  due to Lightning in South East Florida.
1	We recently installed a Linksys wireless router WRT54G2.
1	I have set up many wireless networks, and never used a worse router.
1	After I had this problem and my  wireless internet stopped  working, I tried upgrading the firmware to DD-WRT but that made it worse so I tried changing the firmware back to the latest linksys build but it still won't broadcast the internet.
1	It turns out my Apple laptop recognizes the wireless router right out of the box with no installation needed.
1	The final insult is that while this router comes with useful software to make sharing printers wirelessly a snap, it's only a trial version -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features!
1	This should have been a pretty simple installation given that I have only one desktop computer and am not looking to go wireless.
1	Now unfortunatly Linksys is the most compatable wireless router out there, or so I have been told.
1	We had the router set up with two wired desktop computers and one wireless laptop.
1	For some reason the router would only allow either both wired machines, or one wired one wireless, connect to the internet at any given time.
1	the wireless stops , then the lan, and after that it doesn't even want to function, total garbage.
1	I bought this router because I bought the wireless B Linksys 2 years ago and it worked great.
1	) It was extremely frustrating to start watching a show on Netflix only to have the Apple TV return to the main menu because the  wireless connection kept disappearing .
1	Resetting the router does not correct the wireless dropping issues .
1	Range: I live on the same floor as the router and I get wireless speeds of around 40-60 Mbps with WPA2 security set up.
1	I do wish the wireless speed would be faster on the second floor but since I don't live up there it doesn't bother me that it's a bit slower.
1	But why are the download speeds a fraction of the speed of the wireless connections?
1	Works good, but now my PC with a  wireless card in it failed .
1	This device works great if all you're going to do is hook up a few computers to it (both hardwire and wireless) to access the internet.
1	I thought it would be nice to have a router with the wireless feature.
1	I already have a wireless set up running through my house using the Linksys BEFW11S4, and it worked just fine.
1	Without the standard being set for the "g", 3 of the 4 wireless "b" cards that I have did not work with this unit.
1	My linksys wireless bridge (which connects my XBOX to the internet) did not work either.
1	I suggest if you already have a wireless network set up, stick with it.
1	Neither the wireless or the lan would work.
1	The worst part about it is, I've probably only used the wireless function for a total of 2 hours.
1	The  wireless access always drops  your connection.
1	Other times are even worse, I have to connect to my neighbor because my wireless won't even acknowledge me.
1	Another friend of mine had a similar experiences with this, went out and bought the most generic brand-X router, a motorola but I don't think he has wireless-G on it.
1	The only way I could establish and maintain a connection was to (1) leave broadcast SSID turned on, and (2) leave the wireless connection completely open and unencrypted -- and that was after performing a manual configuration.
1	The wireless router keeps getting knocked off.
1	I have had it for about two years and each time I have made a change to my wireless setup it takes me a couple of days to get the expander working again.
1	Make sure you let XP configure thie wireless router.
1	Otherwise the disc that comes with the router will make it practically impossible to use your laptop to connect to any other router, wireless or no.
1	When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly, the internet connection was just fine.
1	The wireless is a little spotty - my connection speed bounces around quite a bit while not moving (and not being particularly far from the router).
1	11g card the wireless signal kept dropping out every 2 to 3 minutes.
1	Out of the box, this router did not work at all with my desktop comupter; it was broadcasting a wireless connection for my laptop, but my desktop's connection was completely dead.
1	The Network magic is also quite invasive, especially if you download the program for the wireless computers, which supposely can send a report on the internet history via email.
1	The performance was ok but I would constantly see the  wireless signal fluctuating .
1	I have a Linksys wireless WRE54H router and it still doesn't automatically configure even with its Linksys family.
1	the wireless range is bad .
1	it drops internet connection every 2 or 3 hours and the range of wireless is less than 14 feet!
1	When the setup program failed to complete, it took my notebook wireless with it.
1	The first few months I had little trouble, the last month it has been dropping connections, had very slow connections, and my wireless card would not connect unless I reboot the router (yes, very convenient).
1	Now along comes the wireless version of this product - the BEFW11S4.
1	Should I buy the BEFW11s4 and get the functionality of my trusty BEFSR41 along with wireless or should I simply buy the Linksys WAP11 and plug it into my existing system?
1	With the same enthusiasm I opened and installed the WPC11 wireless network card again carefully reading the quick install instructions for Windows 2000.
1	Using the web configuration tool for the BEFW11S4 I wasn't able to change the wireless address number.
1	It was about one in the morning at this point and now I was roaming around the house, the yard, the garage with a wireless laptop.
1	This is where things went down hill; VPN does not work either hardwired or wireless with this product.
1	After all, the wireless Internet access worked great.
1	Now I have the WAP11, the WPC11 wireless card and my trusty old BEFSR41 in service.
1	All of our laptops and other wireless devices worked very well with this router, improved speed, network coverage, video streaming, etc.
1	Eventually the wireless just stopped working .
1	wireless before you buy.
1	Instead of sending Ethernet cables all over the house, I also suggested purchasing a wireless router.
1	Just read the Quick Install card to setup your computer's wireless adapater to gain access to the wireless connection.
1	In the unlikely event that your wireless connection goes down , this device comes with 4 ethernet ports so that you can just plug in your computer with a regular ethernet cable (assuming that your computer has an ethernet card).
1	The wireless connection and ethernet can be used simultaneously.
1	However, after 6 months of happily surfing the internet wirelessly anywhere in my house, the wireless signal suddenly died on me last week.
1	i HIGHLY recommend you upgrade the firmware on the wireless router if you decide to get it.
1	Linksys is going to replace my wireless router.
1	A month in and the wireless network went down .
1	11 firmware) Anyway here recently I finally got me a laptop with a wireless n card it in.
1	Much to my dismay this router even at factory default settings will randomly start  dropping packets on wireless  n.
1	Spent 2 hrs 20 mins on the phone w/their support group cause the notebook cannot access the internet when using the wireless adaptor.
1	I have tried auto channel selection as well as manual selection of many wireless channels and nothing seems to work.
1	I just know that wireless technology g or n is crap and plugged in still seems the way to go LAN.
1	It's 2010 and  wireless has still got major problems  whether with this router or others.
1	I had to return the first unit because it would fail pinging (via wireless connection) after twenty minutes.
1	It is the wireless section of this device that has a bad design.
1	11g wireless installed without any problems and nevry drops a connectio to my server.
1	I have not had a great deal of success with this product as a wireless station.
1	It works wells as a router, but I puchased it specifically to operate as a wireless hub.
1	In order to activate the wireless connection, I have to unplug the router, only then will my laptop pick up the signal.
1	On the ads it says the cover range for indoor use can reach 300 feet, but the ones (wireless router and wireless PC card both from Linksys) I bought they just could go less than 10 feet.
1	After this incident, I bought a Lucent OriCONO wireless PC card and D-Link wireless router at similar price.
1	I bought this product because I wanted an inexpensive wireless router that my roommate and I could use.
1	After one year this router is dropping both wireless and wired connections at random times.
1	if you just want surf the web and enjoy your wireless internet, then get this router.
1	i couldn't connect to World of Warcraft through my wireless card connected to this router, or even if i plugged in the cat5 cable in the back of this router (wired connection.
1	This router is a piece of junk, and its not just the wireless function that is a joke--connecting directly to the ports via cat5 cable won't help either.
1	using the wireless or wired function from the router, I get 1/3 the bandwidth if it works at all.
1	It seems that if you have a PC already configured for a wireless network,and don't need the network adapter, you MAY have better success, but, I wouldn't count on it!
1	But I can get on to my neighbors unprotected Netgear wireless router.
1	The first thing this unit does when you plug it in is turn off your wireless security.
1	First, I bought it and a netgear wireless card for my laptop and a netgear wireless card for my second desktop.
1	Cons: The signal strength was the poorest of any wireless router I've ever used.
1	I've had this problem with my Dell 1300 wireless card in my laptop, belkin USB wireless adapter and others.
1	Maybe some other wireless cards may work flawless, but I had very little success with linksys using encryption.
1	I've always like linksys's wired routers, but their wireless routers has been unreliable .
1	She then plugged the router back in, and, all of a sudden it's wireless range cratered and has since not returned.
1	We have no problem using the router to connect to the internet wirelessly so long as we're in the same room as the router.
1	But once we move into an adjacent room, all bets are off- we get  no wireless  connection.
1	Since I did not have a phone jack in my spare bedroom/office and could not get anyone to install one, I was advised to get a wireless router.
1	Couldn't detect the network at all even though I could find other wireless networks in the area.
1	The front panel has lights that recognize wireless and which LAN lines are being used.
1	Though I don't use my wireless NETGEAR WGR614 very often, it was broken soon after a year, and it now generates very high pitched sharp sound which is so annoying.
1	All reviews for wireless products seem to run the gamut from great to terrible.
1	The router I got was defective - the wired part working and the wireless does not.
1	The first problem is that the connection (both wired and  wireless) drops  out for a few minutes on a regular basis.
1	The second problem is that our  wireless printer doesn't work  well with this router having an intermittent connection.
1	I bought this router and a Linksys wireless card 1-1/2 years ago.
1	The wireless card lasted until a month ago and I replaced it with a Belkin card with a "lifetime" warranty.
1	I bought this wireless-B broadband router about 2 years ago.
1	It was price convenient and provided a pcmcia wireless ethernet card.
1	Initially I thought it was just the wireless, so I focused on that.
1	Today I can tell that this problem is mainly on the wireless but still you have problems with the wired connections.
1	I have set up 3 different wireless networks for my apartments over the past 3+ years.
1	First off, the really tough thing about wireless routers is that your performance can vary dramatically from someone elses.
1	2 ) Anytime a cordless phone is used in the house it knocks out my wireless connection.
1	Unfortunately, I am not sure there are any good alternatives out there and I'm not prepared to spend the time and money experimenting with the few other products that claim to expand wireless network ranges securely.
1	I have been using the Linksys wireless router and access card for about three months.
1	The  wireless connection is sometimes not stable  (i.
1	, sometimes does not connect even when it recognizes an available wireless network).
1	;-) Simply couldn't get my wireless network (all Linksys equipment) and this thing to talk to each other.
1	Look around when your are traveling and see which wireless routers are unprotected.
1	I finally got around to purchasing this wireless router to go with it.
1	I have been using the non-wireless 614 router with no problems and figured moving to the wireless version of the same product would be a piece of cake.
1	I would say that, very reliably, my wireless iMac can detect the presence of the router.
1	Once I enabled the AirPort card in the iMac, I was able to detect other wireless transceivers in the building and surf the net on their ISP's.
1	I mean, it is capable of working, but my neighbors' wireless routers have been more reliable than the one I bought for myself.
1	I bought it for the wireless feature.
1	Anyway, after that, all worked exactly like i expected it to _ I hada bedroom in my house that was completely dead to my wireless network, but now, I have "Excellent" connectivity.
1	The wireless portion only works if there is not security protection used, which is the purpose for which we bought this router!
1	The 655 was chosen for it's decent reviews, gigabit ports, and wireless functionality.
1	The router itself doesn't crash, and the switch functions as it does, just the wireless part restarts .
1	I spent more time organizing the cables then setting up the router (along with wireless clients).
1	Its performance is decent (transfered some files today from wired->wireless) but wireless will never beat cable in latency, transfer rates, or stability, its just not possible (at least for consumers and this price) so don't expect it to.
1	Connecting to other wireless N routers (including other Dlink 655s) achieve a full 300mbs connection to my laptop.
1	The only downside is that sometimes you need to restart it each month otherwise the wireless becomes unstable.
1	I've had the Netgear wireless router for a three months and it has been nothing but a problem.
1	I've checked my laptop and the wireless capability works great.
1	I bought this along with the DWA-140 wireless adapter and had high hopes for a long range, fast network.
1	Once I did get it set up, I am able to connect to the internet wireless with another laptop; which is why I bought it in the first place.
1	I have also found the expander to be more susceptible to interference from other wireless devices than the WRT54G.
1	why they just couldn't put all the wireless settings under "wireless" and all the "port" settings under port, i don't know.
1	I purchased this router to upgrade my network from a 10/100 Ethernet, b/g wireless to 1Gbs Ethernet, b/g/n capabilities.
1	For wireless we started with one of the WinXP machines and they recommended WEP encryption due to "issues" with WPA2 on WinXP.
1	Also, the previous router used WEP wireless security.
1	The first tech was unable to get the WinXP system to connect to the wireless network and turfed the issue to Dell stating that they did not support Dell software.
1	Still, this wireless adapter software had no provisions for WEP (only WPA2), so the agent attempted to get Windows to manage the card, with no success.
1	Back to Dell support to reload wireless card drivers in the first XP laptop.
1	So far, no apparent improvement in wireless network speed, but wired Gigabit is nice.
1	Not only did it not transmit a wireless signal, it didn't route!
1	This DHCP will  not work for wireless , only the LAN.
1	:'(  This makes wireless limited, especially when adding a little security by controlling who gets what IP address.
1	For wireless, I couldn't find ways to secure this other than through the limited and crackable WEP feature, which doesn't work BTW for some Wi-Fi cards.
1	The password sent over the wire is insecure in clear-text, but should be safe for non-wireless users.
1	It would lose a star because the  wireless doesn't offer enough  in a way of security, so a big negative there.
1	I bought the range extender and set it up and it seemed to work for about an hour when it  itterupted the wireless signal  and required me to restart the network.
1	So, it's under warranty and they offer a great exchange policy (I know, because I had to use it with their wireless router at work -- it too just died one day), so I will exchange it for another one.
1	I got one computer to work, but my other wireless devices, couldn't connect.
1	I brought a new Links wireless WRT160N from Walmart; sorry Amazon, router and have been trying to get it to work for the last 2 days; but it wouldn't connect, whatever I did.
1	I don't know what it is about Safari, but Linksys wireless router, definitely do not like it.
1	I knew better than to get an "all-in-one" wireless gateway and router, but my Netgear has been acting up and I thought it might be time to get a new router, one that was highly recommended from an industry leader and could stand up to regular abuse in an area with strong wifi pollution.
1	After using it for a day, I left the unit turned-on but idle for the weekend and by Monday morning it wouldn't recognize (serve DHCP to) wired or wireless connections.
1	Overnight, between Monday afternoon and Tuesday morning, it decided to stop routing traffic to any wired or wireless connections although it was still handing out IP addresses.
1	Regretfully, I have to return this to Amazon and will have to look to other solutions to provide both wired and wireless Internet access in my home.
1	Worked great, but now in june the wireless craped out.
1	I have tried two wireless routers to date with my IBM Thinkpad w/ Centrino wireless.
1	Linksys technical support even tried to dump me off to IBM technical support, but I just didn't buy it, considering my wireless connections have been fine elsewhere.
1	I have also seen many websites offering this suggestion and that, tweaking the connection software, upgrading firmware, blah blah blah, but honestly, how hard does it have to be to get my wireless network up and running.
1	Then one day (about a month after I bought it) my  wireless internet connection didn't work .
1	Unfortunately this problem keeps reoccuring and about once week I lose my wireless connection causing me to reset the settings each time.
1	I've been using this as my wireless router for much too long, and I'm on Amazon now to find a replacement.
1	I'm hoping that technology has progressed to the point that I can count on a wireless router that continues putting out a signal for more than a day.
1	Now that I finally have it working, I'm keeping my fingers crossed that my power doesn't go out and all of my wireless devices have to reconnect to it!
1	The only upside is that the WRE54G appears, by inspection, to at least be extending my wireless network's range into areas of my house that had very weak signal strength previously.
1	Purchased what seemed like a good wireless router, but eventually the performance dropped, pages timed-out etc.
1	I had wireless internet and everything working correctly, but the setup did not recognize this and would not let me move on to continue in the setup.
1	Once I got it hooked up, it worked pretty good, with the wireless internet and everything else.
1	This product doesn't come with a wireless on/off switch so even when I connected both of the computer by cable the wireless is still on.
1	Every few months, I  can't get a wireless signal , so I have to cycle power.
1	When used in the wireless security mode, you will OFTEN get disconnected by the router.
1	So, unless you want an unsecured wireless network, do not buy this.
1	So I have a wireless router that does not talk to my wireless device--it just sits between the DSL modem and my desktop, taking up space.
1	This results in you having to reset the router and since its wireless, there's a pretty good chance you're not in the same room as the router.
1	Unfortunately, no matter if it is a wireless or wired connection, the device seems to "lock up" and no network traffic goes thru.
1	I'm going out today to buy a new NetGear wireless router.
1	According a website that monitors network equipment evaluations, 14 of 16 lab reports gave it their highest rating for wireless routers.
1	The  wireless waves failed  to penetrate through two wall and a floor.
1	Not only did I  lose wireless  connections, I even lost internet connectivity on wired devices.
1	Installing the router was a piece of cake, but connecting the PC thru wireless was a little more complicated.
1	The wireless card could detect the network, but could not connect to it.
1	We eventually got it to connect wireless to the network and it seems to be working great right now.
1	Just be prepared to spend some time on the phone with Linksys support if you buy this product because I don't think that it is quite as simple as plug and play if you intend to go wireless.
1	Also, I have purchased their wireless access point and associated card for my laptop, and while the access point works fine, the card is junk.
1	I went out and bought a Lucent Orinoco wireless card (which was about 3x as expensive) and it works great.
1	Bought a Linksys wireless card for my dad's PC and it didn't work EITHER.
1	(We were not utilizing the wireless side - we're all CAT 5 hard wired).
1	Wired performance is fine, same with wireless, though I didn't exhaustively test either of these.
1	I also purchashed the wireless pci  card and spent a total of 155.
1	We use three wireless components at the house, and none of them could hold a signal once I installed the new firmware.
1	It was so bad, I thought it was something that had to do with my wireless cards.
1	This does expand the range of the wireless signal but not as much as I would like.
1	I configured it with a wired connection which was real easy then tested my wireless laptop.
1	The router is buzzing and the wireless is dead .
1	The wired method works but I need wireless.
1	This is the worst wireless router I have ever seen.
1	I have set up wireless routers since their inception from all almost all manufacturers and I have had the most issues with Linksys.
1	I have had nothing but issues, LAN portion and WAN portions work fine, but the wireless just stops working after approx 10 min and the only way to rectify is by unplugging the router for 10-15 seconds.
1	The wireless connection worked okay, but I could never get more than 35% signal (40 feet, 2 walls between).
1	This one is not wireless like I had thought it was.
1	Once I updated the firmware the wireless speed DOUBLED!
1	The schedule settings for the wireless are really lame.
1	I'm a big fan of Linksys, I have used many of their routers for my customers, so when it was time for me to switch to wireless I naturally bought the BEFW11S4.
1	I'll stick with Linksys for their wired routers, but time to try someone else for wireless.
1	I have this router for a few months and its wireless performance is terrible .
1	In addition - wireless connectivity break daily for no apparent reason, and since wired connections keep working at the same time I cannot blame my provider.
1	I find that it drops wireless connections (as others have mentioned) and hard-locks when it overheats (about once every week).
1	Although I still have never been able to configure this item, it actually appears to function based on tests performed around my house with various wireless devices.
1	Although I was pleased with the Ethernet 1Gbit connectivity, and the direct close wireless access 802n connectivity with my MacBook pro, that was a totally different ball game when crossing 2 walls.
1	It was running in a couple minutes, and very easy to wirelessly share my printer.
1	Channel number for the linksys wireless card (also version 4) was not configurable, if it was different from the default channel 6.
1	Since I was very happy using Linksys's WIRED 4-port router before, I was willing to spend more bucks to buy a wireless router from linksys again, which turned out not to be as good.
1	I bought this wireless router to extend the WiFi service to the edge of my property (1/2 Acre.
1	The desktop works fine as it's not wireless,  but I have been having issues with my signal dropping on the laptops, and another issue with weak signal strength.
1	And strangely enough, the laptop with the g-wireless card has better signal strength than the laptop with the n-card.
1	Another strange thing is, apparently the router comes with several default settings that aren't ideal for connecting wirelessly, which seems stupid.
1	I've set up quite a few wireless networks without many problems, but these are settings I have no clue what they mean and would never think to change them (or even know how).
1	I will once I get my wireless laptop from work.
1	I had used wireless before with Webgear but thought a wireless router would be a good upgrade.
1	What they have basically done is taken a piece of metal and shoved some wires in it and have claimed it can give one wireless internet.
1	After I was done, I didn't have any wireless connections from two computers.
1	The DIR-655's hardware is great, strong wireless coverage throughout my 1750 sq ft flat and great speed.
1	Really poor performance by D-Link, why are there NO good wireless router providers?
1	First the router needed to be reset every morning for the three days I used it because the wireless quit broadcasting the network.
1	Tech examined it and said it was defective for wireless use.
1	Either way, if you don't want headaches from your wireless router, my recommendation is you buy from a different brand.
1	I now have a D-Link wireless N router that has been problem free for more than 18 month now.
1	I have spent several futile hours trying to get the wireless working with my Wife's Compaq Wireless card.
1	I have owned and installed this wireless router and have found it unsuitable for noisy and busy cable modem environments.
1	The router (wired and wireless) just cannot handle the simultaneous use of two computers on a wired network, a couple of laptops in a noisy wireless environment, and the automated hacker attempts coming in from the cable modem.
1	I had two pcs (wired) & an Xbox, (wireless).
1	<i> wireless connection is laggy and slow.
1	Purchased this router but could never get it working in wireless mode with my laptop.
1	My laptop is frequently used on other wireless networks without a problem, and the DIR-655 replaced an older, cheaper Belkin which worked.
1	LAN doesn't work, Internet doesn't work, wired or  wireless connections don't work , Router's admin page doesn't come up.
1	My wireless settings: WEP Channel 1 SSID enable N and G mode only Firmware 1.
1	Then, I began having intermittent wireless connectivity issues (connection would drop or worse, I couldn't connect at all).
1	I wanted to use my old router as a dedicated wireless G access point and this one for 802.
1	I would rate the router as 3 stars but I took off an extra star for the price because I consider this to be a pretty standard wireless N router.
1	I replaced the DIR-655 with a TP-Link 300 Mb/s wireless N router.
1	11b wireless networks but in actual fact it does not.
1	I called tech support and asked why my unit was not working and they said that they had made a mistake because the unit will not work with a wireless B network.
1	The problem I found, however, is that about once an hour everything connected via wireless tends to stop working .
1	The logs don't work, and when I check to see what is connected to the wireless it always shows nothing.
1	I can't see my wireless printer anymore.
1	Now the wireless feature is not working and cannot be restored.
1	Router worked adequately during the first 5 months - I was disappointed that the wireless signal was no better than an old Belkin G router - that was the primary reason for my upgrade.
1	the  wireless kept randomly disconnecting , linksys support could figure it out and after reading some forums it seems to be a common problem.
1	As with nearly all of the wireless products out there (especially Linksys), this was a pain to set up.
1	I bought this router to extend the range of the wireless network within my house.
1	In addition, it frequently dropped the wireless connection while the wired connection remained good.
1	The wireless connection could only be restored by rebooting the router.
1	Much to my surprise, the device will not work with any non-linksys wireless NIC's.
1	It's true that the router drops the wireless signal constantly.
1	level: career techie (not IT guy) equipment: (old) Netgear 108Mbps router, (antique) Linksys 10/100 wired router Problem: Failing G router (weekly reboots), no wireless on antique router, Desire for Gigabit and N router in a mixed network.
1	The setup was easy and router, dhcp, firewall, wireless and ethernet were all fine on the weekend.
1	Now we use the office befw11s4 as a wireless access point only.
1	If I turned off my wireless, had to restart the netgear to issue new DHCP addresses, wack.
1	Even with the newest firmware, this router drops the wireless at least once a day and has to be rebooted.
1	I accidentally bought a WGR614v9 today as a replacement for a broken wireless router and tried to configure it.
1	When I left college and moved to a new apartment I picked this up for my new home wireless network.
1	There should have been no problems, but we did have 12 wireless devices running on it.
1	That's why we got it, so it would handle our heavy wireless use.
1	I originally bought this router in 2003 with plans to set up a wireless network in my home where three computers were operating on 3 different connections - two unique broadband links (Cable, DSL) and one on a 56K modem.
1	If that is the case, I will be scouring the market for a worthwhile wireless router and not this overhyped, overcomplicated, poorly functioning and mass-marketed piece of plastic that I've been using.
1	WDS mode basically allows the wireless network to be expanded (i.
1	With a growing stable of wireless and wired devices (Desktop PCs, laptops, Mobile phones, iPads, PS3, BluRay players.
1	) I figured it was time to upgrade to a wireless router that would support both G and N, and also includes Gigabit wired switch.
1	Helped a lot with the wired connections (Have a NAS drive with photos and Videos)   -- Didn't test the throughput of the wireless bands but didn't see anything slow down when they were working  THE BAD   -- The data monitor built into the device is pretty useless.
1	Unfortunately, my laptop is designed to be tiny, and therefore the CD-ROM drive and the wireless card both operate from a PC-card slot and cannot be used at the same time.
1	They insisted that something other than their product was at fault despite the fact that (a) our DSL worked fine when plugged directly into the laptops and (b) our wireless cards effortlessly connect to *other people's* wireless routers.
1	Greatly expanded connectivity on my wireless network.
1	don't most of these wireless routers have bridge functionality for if I already have a router?
1	until I tried to use the wireless capabilities: I can establish connection but then it drops after anything from 2 minutes to 24 hours.
1	I was initially very pleased with this router, ordered May 2009 - I replaced an old netgear router that was dropping wireless and netflix and it fixed all the problems - for about two months.
1	Worked fine out of the box when being used as a wired router but it took a total of 4 hours on the phone with tech support, several firmware downloads/installations and more asprins than I care to admit to get this puppy working wirelessly.
1	Even after finally getting it all up and running we have experienced numerous, "drop-outs" of wireless communication with the router lasting from a few minutes to almost an hour.
1	I don't know what interaction with the router might be, but after I disconnect from the VPN, i lose wireless network connection.
1	It doesn't matter what windows clean ups i perform (flushing dns, disabling wireless adapter and including restarting the machine) If i simply power-cycle the router, i am able to connect to it.
1	is wireless working.
1	I hang up, wireless goes down .
1	I was a bit concerned about setting up a wireless network because of the number of rooms through which the signal would have to travel to get to where we like to use the laptop.
1	The Linksys wireless router was quite clear about first running the CD, and about how to connect the various cables.
1	I bought the netgear wireless router over cheaper alternatives because of its supposed higher quality.
1	Cons: After about 30 days, it constantly requires a power down to reset the wireless.
1	The hard-lined Ethernet works great, never looses internet, but the wireless SID just disappears and disconnects for absolutely no reason 2-5 times daily.
1	I get low strength signal when I connect to this router through a wireless network card in my laptop.
1	The expander  does not give me a wireless signal  across the length of my house which is only 120 feet.
1	240  - Change the machine back to its original IP or DHCP  - Remove the cable and restart your wireless You could also just change the router from.
1	That said, the device does an excellent job of extending the range of wireless coverage once you configure static IP addresses.
1	Whenever total bandwidth on all wireless devices (all channels combined) exceeds 2.
1	4 ghz wireless N, another connected to the 5 ghz wireless N, and a laptop connected to the 2.
1	The two desktops are currently connecting via a Linksys AE1000 dual band wireless N adapter, and the laptop is connected by a Gigabyte internal 2.
1	Worse yet, when I called Netgear tech support they had me jump through hoops for two hours over two different sessions just to change the basic wireless settings and executing power cycles on both the router and the modem.
1	I have not tested the USB ReadyShare feature, but if it works as advertised, it should prove useful to individuals who share a lot of computers and files over a household, or would like a simple wireless backup option.
1	This router isn't bad if you don't use the wireless option or plan on using VPN.
1	But if the wireless option is poor, save yourself some bucks and get the much cheaper non-wireless version.
1	I upgraded from my 5 year old Linksys WRT54 G router, since the wireless didn't reach the upstairs back two bedrooms.
1	Needless to say, it was not compatible with my router, and refused to connect to my wireless network.
1	I bought the wireless router in 2006.
1	Once the router is working for the wired connection, it  nevers works for a wireless  status.
1	I have used other Netgear wireless routers in the past with no issues, however this particular unit is highly problematic.
1	I bought this to replace a several year old "B" wireless/router that had finally given out.
1	(I was using the built-in laptop wireless, but that was my test, since various friends would use wireless in our house and wouldn't all have the exact brand of add-on laptop modem).
1	Second, my main laptop had a strong signal in my office from the Linksys but the laptop never actually accessed the internet wirelessly, even after putting in all the passwords, 15-digit security keys, re-running set up software, etc etc.
1	I wanted to go wireless so I bought the Linksys Wireless BEFW11S4.
1	After playing with the router for a few more hours I was finally able to get the wireless connection to work, but none the wired connections work.
1	I tried to connect this router into an output port of my 3Com router and connected my wired connections into the 3Com in an attempt to use the WRT54G just for wireless connection, this did not work.
1	I purchased this router to use with a pc laptop (wireless) and a Mac connected via ethernet to the router.
1	I ordered 2 WAP54G access points and 3 54G wireless PCI cards.
1	The only helpful suggestion they (including a supervisor) could come up with, was to buy the "more advanced" wireless version.
1	Unfortunately, even with the latest ROM software download, the  wireless router fails  about once a week and requires the six-step reset.
1	I have the DGL-4300 and thought I'd try the DIR-655 to take advantage of the wireless-n built into my new Macbook Pro.
1	I wanted to hook up three computers in my house to the internet and I also wanted something wireless.
1	My MSN Messenger would always disconnect, the wireless signal only a few meters away would be very poor one day, then great another, the port forwarding wouldn't work like it should, and then the router would completely disconnect from the internet about twice a day.
1	Yes, the setup dvd disk should take me to wireless freedom in no time (but its not compatible with a Mac), in my case I have a PC (I did try) and a Mac Laptop.
1	Every 3-4 days the device will lock up and I will loose all wireless signal.
1	Cant make it work with my other wireless router, customer service has such an attitude it blew me away.
1	All they did was screw up my entire wireless system and were completely rude!
1	This product lasted two months, then the wireless stopped working .
1	It is good at working *sometimes*, but if you need reliable wireless connectivity, and download often, look elsewhere.
1	This is one of the most popular wireless routers which comes with impressive features.
1	11n wireless The slower speed of the *old* DSL router is not relevant since it only serves as a broadboand router for DSL, and you don't need a Gigabit connection to the Internet anyway.
1	Bought this router for my Xbox 360 and so others in my house could get wireless.
1	While their wireless was fine I am having a pain trying to configure it with my xbox.
1	It's not my computer, because it works great on other wireless networks, just not ones that use this particular router as an access point.
1	This wireless stuff is garbage .
1	1 and the device stop working wireless .
1	now wireless for me is  available.
1	Then you have to set up your wireless security in stages, first the repeater then your wireless access point.
1	I had an old Linksys wireless access point and there was no firmware support for WPA.
1	So in order to use this I had to buy a new wireless router.
1	Also, this thing needs to be power cycled occasionally because it seems to loose the ability to sync to the wireless router.
1	Then we starting  losing wireless signal , ocassionally, then we had none.
1	To make matters worse, every time I try to change a wireless configuration, the router would halt 2 minutes, then shut off the wireless automatically for no particular reason!
1	I would then have to turn the wireless back on manually.
1	Here's my question for you techies at Netgear-- why is it that the wireless for these two router turn off automatically after I configure anything on it?
1	I have tried two wireless routers to date with my IBM Thinkpad w/ Centrino wireless.
1	Linksys technical support even tried to dump me off to IBM technical support, but I just didn't buy it, considering my wireless connections have been fine elsewhere.
1	I have also seen many websites offering this suggestion and that, tweaking the connection software, upgrading firmware, blah blah blah, but honestly, how hard does it have to be to get my wireless network up and running.
1	I was shocked, then, when I bought this router and a netgear wireless card and was up and running in minutes.
1	For 3 months, it worked wonderfully, and I'm now hooked on wireless.
1	I purchased a wireless router from them and, truth be told, it never really worked right.
1	Yes, it is wireless, and very cool if you don't have to go through any serious walls.
1	I bought the BEFW11S4 (their wireless router), and couldn't get it to install with my DSL modem.
1	I am very disappointed in the range of this wireless product.
1	And some days I cannot get both the wired and wireless connections to work at the same time.
1	In fact I'm sitting here now creating this review while connected with a wireless connection and I can tell you without hesitation that this unit.
1	(I've changed my router's address slightly to reduce conflicts with neighbors' wireless networks, so I tried lots of variations on the address to try to get it to work.
1	I spent another couple of hours working on it before I brought the extender into the other room, connected to it via my wireless card, and realized that it was actually working.
1	Fair wireless connection throughout the house (though the "through-the-walls" range is NOT what is what Link-Sys purports it to be).
1	I pulled out my wireless card from my laptop and left it at home.
1	I bought this wireless router because of the great deal on the rebate, and replace my older 11Mbps MR814v2 wireless router which worked like a champ.
1	The ugly: The  wireless router _does_ "hang" .
1	Neither the wireless or wired clients will be able to "ping" the router.
1	Unfortunately my old router died and my new one works great but does not have all the abilities to adjust everything my old one did and so I am broadcasting to the world today, I am looking into a Wireless Access Point that I can add to my existing network wirelessly (not much out there that does what this thing does) so it's a tuff decision, make no mistake I have used it for years but always with work-around for minimal security.
1	I set the wireless router up according to the instructions in order to add a notebook computer to my AOL account.
1	I have invested far too many hours in getting my network to where it should be and right now I still don't have the nerve to set up my WPA encryption, for fear that the expander will stop communicating with my wireless router.
1	I don't know how far the wireless routers are supposed to work, but this one only works a few feet.
1	Buying this wireless router turned out to be the singularly most frustrating experience I've ever encountered with any product.
1	I have a NetGear wireless router in my other home that works like a dream.
1	While router has to be reset several times a day for wireless to connect.
1	It sould have occurred to Linksys that there might be a few of us who are new to wireless.
1	The key is that this router that I paid for does not function - I  lose connection on both wireless  AND wired systems.
1	Tonight the tech guy told me it has to be my brand new Sony Vaio (skillfuly avoiding the fact that the VAIO has been working wireless for several days).
1	they can't diagnose if it's the access point or the wireless PC card.
1	I bought this product knowing little about wireless routers and its functions.
1	Every few days the wireless networks stop working <i>.
1	"of course not," i said, "if i were, i wouldn't need wireless, i'd just hook it to a cable.
1	but then what's the point of wireless?
1	11b wireless ADSL router with four-port switch was used as the switch in between the source and destination computers.
1	I have had no trouble connecting to a Netopia ADSL router nor a Linksys WRT54GL router with my wireless card in WPA-PSK mode, so WPA-PSK support on this router must be buggy.
1	Lasted a lil over a year before it started  dropping wireless .
1	I have 1 wired computer, 3 wireless, 1 wired laser printer, and a wired Slingbox.
1	The latest firmware release for this router has the IPSec passthrough enable in the router menu but in exchange for this feature (apparently), the wireless network PC cards in my other computers became inoperable.
1	A second issue is the advertised operating range for the wireless routers.
1	If you have intervening walls or other obstructions between a wireless PC network card and the router, ie,.
1	OK, I paid a small price for it, the wireless side works pretty well, I'll deal with it.
1	Easy setup and great wireless range, but what good is it if it jacks up your internet connection and you can't use its features?
1	I don't know what has happened - it's never been easy to set up but now it is absolutely impossible to connect using this router, the same computer and wireless adapter.
1	Part of the problem is may be MS and my wireless G constantly fighting for control.
1	Now that we use the Internet more often though, like playing online games, using IM with voice, connecting wirelessly from my Pocket PC, etc.
1	They did have me separate the cable modem and wireless AP, saying they use the same frequency and may interfere with each other.
1	If you live in an apartment - get a router that has a Dual Band feature and only run your wireless off of the 5 ghz band.
1	After installing the repeater which is suppose to boost the signal strength it turned out that it only got 10% better than my existing wireless signal.
1	So I still have to connect to the original wireless network that I am trying to fix w/ this repeater.
1	To throw gas on the fire, the network kept getting lost on wired or wireless devices.
1	OK, the Internet link worked, but wireless still doesn't.
1	However, I am one of the people who have had issues with it, namely the  wireless signal dropping  out several times a day.
1	If you search issues with the router, you'll find that it has an issue with  dropping wireless .
1	About 4 times a day, the router will  drop the wireless signal .
1	Mine repeatedly dropped the wireless connection, and gave terrible download and upload speeds even with wired PCs.
1	After one started dropping out each night (refuses wireless connections) I replaced it with a newer one of the same model.
1	If all you need is a wireless router to connect to the internet, this is great.
1	Setup was surprisingly easy and we had wireless access throughout the house for his Windows machines.
1	So when I wanted wireless access in my apartment I bought one for myself.
1	My Linksys router and an older Belkin wireless B router connected fine with the LG player with no issues at all.
1	The good part is that it does extend your network "reach" after you jump through the hoops configuring it for your wireless network.
1	Sometimes I have to reboot just so my wireless devices can "see" the extender.
1	Spend the extra $20-30 and get a different range extender / wireless repeater.
1	The range is just awesome without weak signals but in this model I have reserved complaint for the fact that my wireless printer was being blocked.
1	I bought this to extend the range of the wireless network in the house I live in.
1	"  Seriously, if I wanted that kind of hassle, I'd have stuck with dial-up and not bothered trying to go wireless.
1	Internet stops working once in a while for both corded and wireless connections.
1	I've spent most of the last three days trying to get a Netgear wireless home network up and running.
1	Cons: it will lose connection and from then on the wireless connection on all bands will have a short range, like 1m or less.
1	Finally searched and destroyed any registry items related to linksys and wireless.
1	I bought this wireless router about 6 months ago believing it is Windows XP compatible.
1	You can find better wireless routers from other vendors, and make sure they support UPnP.
1	Even Netgear support rep agreed that there is a bug in the firmware which makes the router drop connection with the internet (wired and wireless).
1	It's a good wired router, but not good wireless router.
1	Out of the blue it will just stop sending a signal out, everything you have connected to it wireless has no signal.
1	used a linksys wireless g for a few years and found its performance acceptable.
1	Purchased unit at the suggestion of CISCO sales rep after inquiry on home network set up and getting my CISCO wireless router to cover the whole house.
1	Buyer beware: Linksys is misleading regarding this product, it says that it supports the wireless router WRT54G at the 2.
1	My wireless network runs WPA encryption and cannot revert to WEP encryption so I cannot use this paperweight called the WRE54G.
1	I have it connected to a cable modem on the internet side and a wired desktop and a wireless notebook on the local side.
1	Wired or wireless.
1	Even after fine-tuning it, the  wireless signal was faint  at best.
1	I'm not even talking about using the wireless finctionality.
1	The big straw breaker though was the fact that the  wireless router would stop working  with my ADSL router after about 5 minutes.
1	I am still not sure as to which device is the culprit, but I did manage a work around by using a cross over cable from the ADSL router into the switch (LAN) portion of the wireless device.
1	I then just put in static IPs since this is the only place I will probably be using the wireless aspect.
1	Anyone got any suggestions for reliable wireless routers?
1	Too late to return the unit and 3 wireless cards - stuck with the thing.
1	I couldn't get it to work with any of my wireless peripherals, from a Slingbox device to a wireless repeater to a powerline adaptor.
1	Nor could anyone I know get their laptop to join the router's wireless network.
1	I purchased this wireless router after much online research and speaking with D-Link Customer Service BEFORE I purchased it online at Amazon.
1	D-Link confirmed that I could add this wireless router downstream to my existing D-Link DLG-4100 router to establish a Wi-Fi network in my house.
1	After opening the box and trying for an hour unsuccessfully to accomplish this, I called D-Link technical support twice -- only to find out eventually that I need a wireless bridge instead!
1	] The key with the D-Link is to reassign the LAN IP address for the second wireless router to 192.
1	Rather than disabling the DHCP Server on the second router (as the Linksys webpage says to), which would eliminate dynamic IP address assignment for the wireless devices connected to the second wireless router), instead simply change the local IP range for the two routers to 192.
1	I have tried two wireless routers to date with my IBM Thinkpad w/ Centrino wireless.
1	Linksys technical support even tried to dump me off to IBM technical support, but I just didn't buy it, considering my wireless connections have been fine elsewhere.
1	I have also seen many websites offering this suggestion and that, tweaking the connection software, upgrading firmware, blah blah blah, but honestly, how hard does it have to be to get my wireless network up and running.
1	At that point the we couldn't connect to the router via wireless (only by wired connection).
1	The drivers for the Linksys wireless network card aren't much better.
1	The setup utility occassionally crashes under Windows 2000 when trying to change wireless channel settings.
1	The  wireless range is still medicore , however, and the the unit still occassionally crashes every few weeks.
1	It really expands the range of your wireless network without having to buy additional AP's or stronger antennas.
1	Before even opening the device and taking it out of the box, make sure that your wireless network meets these conditions.
1	Make sure the device you will be configuring it with is connected to the wireless network you will be expanding.
1	plug the provided cat5 cable from the repeated to your existing wireless router.
1	Make sure the network you are plugging it into is the same network as the wireless network it will be repeating.
1	Go ahead and setup your wireless security as it will be the way you want it set up on your router.
1	Once you have setup the wireless the way you want to and have saved.
1	Also log into your wireless router and make sure the repeater is connected to it.
1	There should be options when running the setup wizard if your network is/is not secure, if/if not the ssid is broadcasting, etc so it can find it without you having to change your entire wireless setup back and forth.
1	There's got to be thousands of posts dealing with essentially the same issue; a  lack of wireless  connection stability.
1	have over the years provided capabilities that Linksys themselves didn't put in the box on their own, such as having routers that link up over the wireless connection, or routers that can work well in P2P applications with hundreds of active connections.
1	Replaced a 5 year old wireless router with this with the promise of  improved performance.
1	I spent two days trying to get router working properly, but it constantly  drops wireless  connections.
1	I verified with Linksys tech support that Version 1 does not support WPA security, which I have installed on my wireless network.
1	Here's why:I'd never configured a wireless accessory before buying this router for my new Powerbook.
1	Based on my experience, I suggested that my not-so-technically-minded father in-law get one so he could create a wireless network in his house.
1	Perhaps helpful in specific situations but since it's broadcasting broadly you may inadvertently downgrade your wireless connections.
1	It was an awful first experience for a home wireless network.
1	But, it would  drop its wireless signal  every few days and need to be completely reconfigured.
1	It has never  dropped its wireless signal .
1	The setup is very easy but unfortunately the  wireless functionality doesn't work .
1	When only 1 wireless is connected, the wireless router coughs a lot (intermitten connection).
1	Own two of these in separate homes, both version 6 -- both have to constantly be reset/power-cycled because the wireless connection goes dead.
1	Directly connected to the modem, speed tests indiciated ~4800kbps, directly connected to the router ~2500kbps, and wireless through the router ~1700kbps.
1	Neither the wireless autoconfiguration or "wired" setup worked, with or without WEP enabled on the Linksys wireless router (the Linksys Setup utility would not run, on Windows XP, no explanation by Linksys support).
1	After 1 1/2 hours on the phone with Linksys manually configuring it, still got no increase whatsoever in wireless signal range (I am not convinced it was ever configured correctly).
1	This one was set up in a " tough environment" Expanding a wireless network in a bldg with concrete floors through which wireless signals do not penetrate.
1	I ran a permanent cat Ve wire to this extender and it does extend the wireless network although it is somewhat flaky.
1	however instead of trying to help me get the wired connection working they insisted again on only trying to go through getting the wireless connection working.
1	Having just spent hundreds of dollars getting the wiring installed and having gone through the wireless issue for weeks on the phone 4+ months ago I had no interest in the wireless connection whatsoever!
1	I wasted a day trying to get wireless to work on this thing.
1	I'm not talking about the  wireless disconnecting  because I'm using a hard wire instead of wireless during the upgrade.
1	My new wireless router (Linksys WRT54GC) port forwarded right out of the box and has been running without any problems whatsoever.
1	I just received the wireless g router and notebook adapter card.
1	I cannot get the wireless portion to work.
1	I live in a highrise appartment building in New York City and have had significant problems with this wireless setup on the 802.
1	I recently moved from an apartment to a house and my wireless router is in the basement.
1	When I upgraded the firmware to the latest version, the router started dropping wireless connections, rebooting randomly, etc.
1	Let me start off by saying that I finally decided to replace my Belkin Pre-N router that I purchased in 2006 because of frequent connectivity issues with my wireless devices.
1	After receiving my DIR-655 I was really impressed with how well this router worked with all of my wired and wireless devices in my house (PC, Xbox 360, PS3, Wii, Roku, and Laptop).
1	It may be cheaper to CAT5 wire the home before you experiment with wireless.
1	I have had several frustrating hours on the phone with Linksys support - all have tried to help but end up with suggesting I return the unit, which I guess I will do one more time as wireless home networking is such a good idea!
1	Problems seem to be in getting wireless-equipped notebooks talking to the hub - hard wired connections to the hub work fine.
1	Just wanted to share thoughts on my recent experience with the DLink Xtreme-N Gigabit wireless router.
1	This is the sixth router I have had to deal with at home the past few years, so I have had experience primarily with Netgear and Linksys wireless router products.
1	Typical wireless set-up where I got confused by myriad of optional settings and configurations.
1	It is a constant frustrating battle to use wireless at our home.
1	00 new so I will say when I first got it it worked great until I reset it to because I forgot my password for my wireless connection.
1	I use a Linksys wireless router and it still gives me many problems even after 2yrs.
1	I really didn't need wireless because I have ethernet cables.
1	But, I really needed to install the software in order to turn off wireless feature (for security) and/or put in password so neighbors could not hi-jack my connection.
1	Instead, I got an old-fashioned wired-type Linksys router (with 4-port ethernet switch built-in) without any wireless feature, bought at a local Office Depot for $17 more, but it was worth it.
1	There's no wireless feature to disable on this Linksys model, so I aborted the Linksys software installation.
1	Whenever certain encryption modes are enabled, all of the attached  wireless devices drop signal momentarily every 4-5 minutes.
1	1/ interface and they got my Internet connection to work, but they could not solve my wireless connectivity issues, even after several phone calls and talking to several support staff.
1	If you are trying to connect wirelessly thru an older PC, find newer drivers for your built in wireless network adapters.
1	Both of my Toshiba laptops had the same 80211b wireless network adapter drivers installed, but one version of the driver was 6 months newer than the other.
1	On the good side, our wireless connections have gone from weak and good on our old router to very good and excellent now on this router.
1	This isn't a bad router but if you are planning to use it to access via VPN (to access an account at work for example) using a wireless card you are out of luck (for now).
1	It wil not work with a wireless card to access your VPN network (hard-wire WILL work).
1	I've had dozens of "discussions" with my wife about the poor, or lack of wireless coverage in our pre-war co-op.
1	feet yet its almost impossible to get full wireless coverage from my Linksys wireless 54g router from end to end(forget about videos or large email files).
1	Plus: easy setup, great parental controls, fairly good wireless coverage Minus: both the wired and wireless connections dropped intermittenly.
1	I bought this from Best Buy where the staff informed me this was the most popular wireless router with 802.
1	I now use.
1	I had a Netgear RT-314 router that ran continuously for nearly 5 years without failing before going wireless with this router, so I'm really bummed that Netgear would produce such a problem-ridden router that so many people are dissatisfied with.
1	First, let me preface this by saying that I've been doing networks for years, and currently work for a wireless company.
1	), and decided to try out a whole new system with a Belkin router and two Belikn USB wireless adapters.
1	You'd think from the other reviews on this web site that Belkin wireless products were inferior, but I discovered the opposite to be true.
1	It would randomly drop its connection back to the wireless router it was connecting with.
1	I never got a chance to try the wireless.
1	3) I upgraded to the latest firmware as of Nov 2008, still tons of issues, it works after I reboot cleanly for 5 mins or so, then  wireless connections keep falling  very frequently especially if I'm using more than 1 wireless or wired connection, also my PS3 and Vonage were not performing as well as before.
1	Switched everything to G and still it drops the connection with any mid / heavy wireless usage pattern.
1	I've probably owned 15 of their devices, including wireless routers, without any failures.
1	Both DIR-655 routers in a small office had reliability issues:  both routers constantly did wireless restarts, breaking the existing wireless connections each time it restarted.
1	These new routers, the DIR-655 and the DIR-628, have extremely fast and powerful wireless systems.
1	The wireless aspect of the router seems to work good.
1	I have my router on the 2nd floor and am able to get a good link from my basement (I'm using a LinkSys PCMCIA wireless card).
1	You can NOT easily upgrade an existing wireless network with this router, nor is it easy to start a brand new network.
1	This router's  wireless capability is poor .
1	I replaced a Linksys wireless router in the same spot and signal strength is half or less.
1	Unless you're an expert with setting up wireless routers, I implore you to not buy this.
1	Problem occurs with the wireless devices attached.
1	If you do port forwarding (games, whatever) they do NOT work on your wireless devices.
1	At least it works even if the  wireless capability ends  at about 20 feet (small exageration).
1	If you want wireless, this router will do the job nicely.
1	Fine if you're controlling your kids, but not so fine if what you want is to positively designate the computers that are allowed to use the wireless system in your home (to avoid hacking).
1	I finally upgraded my old wireless router so that more of my house would have good coverage.
1	DHCP over the wireless though the expander is sluggish to say the least, at least in the case of mixed-mode Ethernet.
1	I ran Wireshark on my wireless laptop while attempting to connect with my PSP to the wireless and noticed 2 second response times.
1	You may want to consider manually configuring all IP address parameters for all wireless devices to ensure they connect quickly to the network - although the more devices you have the more you'll need to keep track of.
1	The wireless parameters are on a sub-page in the configuration utility, so change those first to match your existing wireless network's parameters.
1	Overall, it does expand my network and gives me higher signal quality, especially when I run my microwave and washing machines which usually interfere with the wireless to some degree.
1	I'm back to only one wireless access point and deal with the microwave / clothes washer when it is switched on.
1	I have Windows XP  with sp2, my internet was working fine with just the modem, but wanted to go wireless.
1	The wireless interface of my BEFW11S4 ceased working approximaty 5 months after purchasing the unit.
1	Worked well with both Netgear and SMC wireless cards.
1	I have purchased a D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Gigabit Wireless Router which is capable of 4 hardwired connections to it as well as wireless connections.
1	The setup was painless and my connections (wired and wireless) are working.
1	This is no more than a plain vanilla wireless router with 4 wired ports.
1	The wireless laptop operating through one wall and about 20 feet away was only seeing 350 or 400 Kbps.
1	Frequently, on both a wired and wireless connection, the connection would drop or slow to unbearable speeds.
1	The wireless range of the WGR614 is only decent, and although it operates under 802.
1	I have multiple routers and would recommend the D-Link wired or wireless routers over the listed router.
1	There are some upsides and down sides to this wireless router.
1	Many other reviewers here have said it, and they're all right: the wireless connection on this device randomly drops.
1	It's just the  wireless that stops working .
1	I have tried moving the router to a different physical location, changing the wireless communication channel, and upgrading the firmware from the Netgear website.
1	I own a Netgear wireless router, and Linksys happily informed me that it the range expander could not work as a repeater with that access point.
1	Now, again, I am an 'early adopter' of a Linksys product - the Linksys 54G wireless broadband router - and, deja vue, I am back where I was with problems with this latest piece of Linksys technology.
1	I then set up the Linksys wireless-G notebook adapter and was, for a short time, able to access the internet until my laptop froze and I had to reboot.
1	After rebooting, no recognition of the wireless network.
1	I'm very much pissed off with this crap product LinkSys wireless-B router.
1	One other infrequent problem I've had is occasionally the WRT54g will start dropping most wireless packets until it gets a power reset.
1	I'm very curious to see if others have had the same poor wireless performance I've seen.
1	I purchased this wireless router so I can use my laptop  downstairs and the opposite side of the house from the router.
1	It doesn't have any stronger of a signal than the cheap wireless router I was using.
1	I have two linksys routers, one wireless g, and the other cabled.
1	Someone please make a mac compatible wireless solution!
1	Every configuration change requires a reboot which takes 30 seconds and if you are attemping to do this over wireless it is a royal pain in the butt.
1	I have it behind my linksys wireless G router and occasionally causes a broadcast storm beating the living crap out of my LAN.
1	wired connection worked fine(desktop PC) but the  wireless didnt work  at all!
1	my laptops saw the network but wouldnt connect my wireless bridge(netgear)wouldnt connect either.
1	Spend the extra $ and go w/the Airport--I've spent days on the  phone w/linksys tech support, Mac support, and fussing for hours, and I still can't get a wireless connection from my laptop to the router.
1	After two hours on the phone with Linksys tech support, I was able to get the Ethernet ports working again - but not the wireless.
1	I've commiserated with many others who've had nothing but trouble with their Linksys wireless products.
1	Now I have a new D-Link wireless router, and it works great.
1	I purchased the Netgear WGR614 mainly because of its ability to limit access to the wireless network via a MAC address along with using Wep encryption.
1	My old SMC Barricade Router only used Wep encryption, but had a solid wireless connection.
1	The Netgear router installs very easily as do most routers now days and the hard wire ports work fine, but the  wireless connection would drop  every 10 to 15 seconds at only 20 ft away.
1	But until they resolve the issue that wires down their wireless modem, I can't possibly justify giving the BEFW11S4 more then two stars.
1	My internal wired connections  dropped while the wireless  was still working so I know it wasn't my cable mode.
1	When I get my newer laptops online they are very fast for a wireless network system.
1	My older Microsoft "G" wireless router never dropped out.
1	On my old d-link router I had excellent speed (wired desktop, wireless desktop and 5 laptops), but only one of the ports in the back worked - whenever I'd want to swap to xbox or bluray dvd (neither of which I had the wireless option for) I'd have to swap out the cables.
1	I would stay connected via wireless however it would randomly say " No Internet Connection ".
1	It became worse each day until I was literally sitting right next to the router and only showing two wireless bars on my laptop ( which is a brand new MacBookPro by the way ).
1	I have had it for a few months and now the  wireless connectivity will fail  to initialize.
1	But the DIR-655 did not work as well and now only the wired ports work, the wireless will not work longer than 60 seconds or so before it fails again.
1	The  wireless would restart  frequently, temporarily  disconnecting all wireless  clients.
1	The bad one needs unplugged/replugged as it appears to lose power and all associated connections, wired/wireless.
1	I thought to myself that it was the notebook card and I needed a new system anyway so I purchased a desktop with an internal (MSoft) wireless adapter.
1	When I plugged in the power , after 10 seconds the router would lose the WLAN mac address and then no wireless clients could connect anymore.
1	I had been using a Dell wireless router for nearly six months, but when we began having some connection speed problems, Dell said it NEVER should have worked with Charter Pipeline (my cable provider).
1	They recommended I buy the Linksys wireless router.
1	I am going to try to set up a wireless print server also.
1	I upgraded from a wireless g to the n so I could get a better picture on my Roku.
1	I pulled out my old Linksys wireless g router and the internet is working fine.
1	For consumer grade wireless router, I should have stayed with LinkSys.
1	128bit WEP works well with my multiple devices, a wireless-g laptop and a 802.
1	Managed all on my own and here's what I learned and wished I had done: --REVIEW your laptop's wireless network features from the Windows + Dell Help & Support menus + system info before installing a router.
1	I would not reccommend this router for anyone who uses a wireless connection a lot.
1	But that's only part of why you buy a wireless router.
1	If you load that firmware, your  wireless throughput will drop  even further, and many of the functions like creating secondary ethernet bridges will completely cause the WAN to quit working.
1	We decided to share our DSL line, and the IT guys at work suggested that Linsys had a good reputation, so we ordered their wireless router and a USB wireless adapter.
1	We then bought the Microsoft wireless rrouter and it installed without a hitch.
1	I was then transferred to an incredibly incompetent "technician" who made me change wireless settings when I clearly told him that the connection between my computer and the router is actually wired.
1	Whatever you do don't try to use a PC and an Apple on the same wireless network, they don't have the software to cover that.
1	We ended up going with a Westell wireless router and have had no problems (straight from the box).
1	However, I run two wireless laptops and both have frequent issues with disconnections.
1	I have to continuously reset this router so that my wired devices will be recognized by my wireless laptop.
1	My $40 NetGear wireless router never had a problem; this thing is grossly overpriced for the quality & reliability.
1	Then the wireless networking worked but the wired networking failed.
1	It drops my connection on a daily basis and even minor changes to the wireless settings must be done after reverting to factory default.
1	I bought this router back in Feb or March 05 & put it to use with my mixed network of MACs & PCs and wired & wireless connections.
1	I finally disconnected it & used one of my wireless routers down stream to do the job.
1	This makes the  wireless connection basically unusable .
1	I have never had this problem with any other wireless connection.
1	I'll be returning this and moving on to the next wireless router (we already tried and returned a D-Link DI-614+).
1	The  problem comes with wireless .
1	I am able to surf the web or do normal day to day wireless activities pretty much anywhere in the house.
1	These are laptops that virtually live on a wireless network.
1	The work computer is primarily wireless at work all day and practically flawless.
1	Even the Xbox 360 seems to have issues staying connected to the wireless network.
1	I have to hard power cycle the router to get the wireless to come back up.
1	About 6 months ago I bought the Linksys wireless router with speed boost for my house.
1	Set it up easy enough and had great connection with the wireless in the room it was set up in.
1	Now recently a friend wanted me to set up a wireless network at their house.
1	The DIR-655 installed without a hitch and works well with several Linksys wireless G adapters I have.
1	The biggest disappointment is that although the DWA-130s reports that they are attached to the router at 130 MBPS, the effective transfer speed to the network-attached storage box that's plugged into an Ethernet port on the DIR-655 is somewhat slower than it was using the 56 MBPS wireless-G router and adapter that this setup replaces.
1	Not only that, my wireless n/w goes kaput; the movie I was watching on Netflix stopped working.
1	Some times it loses the wireless connection, may be it is only my router and in this case I always make the reconnection.
1	Worked fine with a Linksys G wireless router, but when I switched to a DLink router (the Linksys died from a power surge), the Expander become unreliable, frequently dropping the signal & requiring repeated setups.
1	Works well if you have a Linksys G wireless router and an area of poor coverage in your house, otherwise don't bother.
1	The linksys worked like a champ for the past 2 years, but I now have a wireless laptop to roam about the casa.
1	I figured wireless-G was the way to go instead of feneygling with Cat-5 ethernet cable over 50 feet.
1	Well, the problems began soon after I installed the netgear router; the wireless laptop AND a wired desktop kept loosing the internet.
1	After a few months the  wireless doesn't want to work .
1	The  wireless connection was inconsistent  and unreliable and one of my computers couldn't connect to it at all.
1	This is the second Linksys wireless device I've tried, and neither was worked for me.
1	I followed the directions carefully, and after about the 6th location in my house, I got the two flashing blue lights to go steady indicating it found my household wireless signal.
1	Using the supplied software, it was unable to insert itself because said heavy handed s/w would trash my wireless network before it could connect to it.
1	Ever since I packed up the WRE54G, my laptop's wireless has been down.
1	My modem and wireless router is fine.
1	other computers can log on via wireless with no problems.
1	If anyone has a suggestion about which wireless settings may have been corrupted, please chime in.
1	We have had this wireless router for over a year when suddenly it started dropping the connection.
1	)  Then I realized this started happening when he got his new PDA which connects to our wireless router.
1	The problem does not occur when he connects to the wireless router but as soon as he disconnects either the PDA or work laptop then I can not connect with our home laptop computer.
1	We have the mac addresses for the PDA and his work computer configured in the wireless router and the problem continued.
1	A wirelessly connected laptop that is usually operated one story downstairs and two rooms away (about 40 feet straightline) from the router unit usually connects at 2MBPS.
1	In fact, I use a Linksys wireless router at home with a Linksys cable modem and have never had any problems.
1	Ethernet stays going but  wireless is not recognized .
1	The main problem with this router and most wireless devices is a dropped connection.
1	) It seems many people are not familiar enough wireless networks to find out that 802.
1	Microwaves, Bluetooth devices, and even other wireless networks can cause enough interference.
1	Many  dropped connections for wireless .
1	Now, after 8 month of troublesome experience, the  wireless signal is totoally gone .
1	Both my laptop, pda  cannot identy a wireless signal  at all.
1	Whether you're directly connected to it via Ethernet or using the wireless connectivity, the connection goes dead every half hour.
1	Linksys appears to be doing nothing about this problem, and the only solution that's been found anywhere is to put a network switch between your computer and the router, but that still doesn't help the connection drop on the wireless which, needless to say, is a serious problem for a wireless router.
1	3) The  wireless will not work  unless you manually press the enable button on the front panel.
1	This   means that you have to be in pressing distance of that button any time you reboot, power off,   have a power failure, or in some cases even change your configuration, because I found under   several circumstances the  wireless disables  itself when changes are made to the configuration of   the box.
1	The router had been out for almost a year before I bought mine and still there was not a fix for the guest network, and not to mention again the daft design choices or not being able to reboot the the device or turn on the wireless without pressing a hardware button.
1	Seemed very sensitive to placement relative wireless router: too far it couldn't connect or keep connection, too close it didn't offer much range expansion.
1	It frequently resets, and restarting it with autoconfig requires turning off WiFi security, requiring resetting devices  wirelessly connected to network.
1	If I hadn't erroneously convinced myself it was helping my network range, I would have returned it within 30 days and purchased a wireless n-router and 802.
1	At the moment I am using it for wired purposes so I cannot comment on its wireless functionality however wen i start my pc b4 i can get conected 2 the internet i have to unplug my router an plug it bak in again and at times it drops connection.
1	I'd open up the list of available wireless networks, it would tell me that I'm still connected, but it just wouldn't allow me to connect to any sort of outside internet site.
1	It recognizes that there is a wireless network available, it is just incapable of connecting to it, in both encrypted and open modes.
1	after updating the firmware using a pc, this wireless router works perfectly with mac os x and the airport (802.
1	Had trouble setting up both wireless and straight ethernet and tech support wasn't much help.
1	I threw it in the trash and bought a Netgear wireless router.
1	With a little knowledge and tweaking, you can get this product to run encrypted wireless connections to about 10 people with little or no problem.
1	If you have users that use P2P, you will need to tweak this and all wireless routers.
1	However, if you are not a tech person and just want a wireless router for home or your very small business, you can just get a WRT54G from here and configure it.
1	All wireless routers need to be configured to use Wireless Encryption, so this is just not a problem with the WRT54G.
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you want to learn something, but if you are not interested in learning this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.
1	If you are a simple user who wants secure wireless access in your house, this is a great router for its price.
1	I can totally depend on it for months on end but alas it is not wireless.
1	The only problem is, It won't connect to any of my wireless devices (laptop, desktop, phone, PDA, Kindle or gaming console).
1	11B router and cards (connected to a wired Win XP desktop and two wireless Win XP laptops) for almost two years without a problem.
1	My old Linksys router never dropped the VPN connection, wired or wireless.
1	I called them because the brand new Wireless-G Range Expander (WRE54G) from Amazon was not providing a strong enough signal for my wireless laptop to pick up, even when they were side-by-side and in the same room as the wireless router.
1	Myers (another reviewer of the WRE54G) to get a WAP54G and configure it as a wireless repeater instead.
1	So i returned that and the wireless card which worked fine, to best buy and got a full refund.
1	I am not a computer geek but a normal user who wanted to have a wireless setup at my home.
1	I've used wireless routers before and never had any problem.
1	So spend you money on a new wireless router with extended capabilities.
1	This allows me to increase the wireless connectivity range and provide for more wired locations in different areas of my "compound".
1	2 laptops (Dells) 3 Desktops (Built with componets from Amazon and Tiger Direct) 1 Home Server (HP) 1 Wireless Printer (brother) 1 XBOX (Playing those games which love the bandwidth) 1 WII 1 Bright-View movie gadget 1 Cisco ATA for Vonage voice line We needed one more of these wireless WDS gadgets and was considering using a 3500 since they have served me well.
1	All repeaters and their wireless and wired devices had no internet/intranet connection.
1	This feature is a requirement if your are using an wireless printer and do not have access to a Domain Name Server.
1	The only benefit was the mircowave powercorn machine did not interfere with my wireless laptop.
1	I had no problem in setting up the router initially, but when I set up Guest network access, the wireless radio was disabled for all SSIDs.
1	Then, when trying to enable the Guest network again, the  wireless again went down .
1	This firmware update immediately fixed the problem, and I now have a stable Guest network running alongside the regular wireless SSIDs- the principal reason I upgraded to this router.
1	After much pain and suffering at the hands of this router not being able to stay running for more than 1/2 hour with two wireless connections (causes both wireless and wired side to freeze up) I managed to get a lot of good information on why this is the case.
1	Yesterday, I noticed that the WLAN link light was off and my  wireless connections were no longer working .
1	" Apparently, the  wireless part of the router burns out  (I can still use the switch ports to connect via cable).
1	However,  wireless range is too short  .
1	I have had no luck getting the Wireless function accessable from my wireless PC's.
1	I bought a Linksys router a few years ago, and upgraded to this model after getting a new laptop with wireless capability.
1	I enjoy the convenience of wireless, but miss the stability of my old Linksys.
1	The only difference I've seen between the two in features and functionality is the wireless part.
1	Only my  wireless router doesn't do those basic functions  nearly as well.
1	I have to unplug the power to the router frequently to get it to reconnect to the internet (daily lately), and sometimes it just  stops broadcasting a wireless  signal.
1	However I got  sporadic wireless connections  (at best) even when sitting right on top of the antenna.
1	If you decide to go wireless don't use Linksys.
1	Loved the set up, got the wireless network up and running no problem in 20 minutes.
1	Since then, I've been very pleased with the product, both wireless and wired access.
1	But this is my first experience with a wireless router, and I have no idea how to do a manual install.
1	I found this unit to be constantly going "off-line," losing its synch with my main wireless access point.
1	I tried using this device to extend the range of my wireless-b network.
1	I have had wireless-b (WAP11 version 1 plus router) for about 4 years and wanted to extend the range into a redone garage.
1	The wireless router came without a power cord and i was never pre warned about this.
1	The only reason this isn't in the bottom of the trash can in pieces is because my roommate refuses to give up her wireless "convenience.
1	Until they had me mess with it, the wireless router worked perfectly fine and ALL I wanted was to extended my range to weak areas in the house.
1	I'll keep it simple: I purchased, 10 year DSL user with several wireless routers successfully working.
1	Also, if you try it, then can't use it, be aware that its setup will overwrite the wireless control configuration on Windows XP SR2.
1	You'll have to turn that back on, and re-set-up your wireless network.
1	lasted 8 weeks, 3 weeks after I bought it the wireless quit and 8 weeks later port 1 is gone.
1	Finally I was through all this only to discover that this pile of garbage  cannot hold wireless  connection.
1	All prior notes from other customers on  instability of wireless connection  are very true (overheating seems to be very likely the cause).
1	Therefore, I cannot recommend this equipment, however, if you are stuck with it, you can generally make it a useable product by either a) leveraging a vaunted by manufacturer small footprint in your fridge, thus preventing overheating b) sparely use wireless only for occasional surfing, do all work which counts using wireline.
1	I popped the CD into a wireless laptop, and two minutes later both lights were blue.
1	Now the router needs to be reset every ten to forty hours because of wireless link DHCP loss.
1	You are better off with an engenius product or and seperate wired router with an wireless accesspoint connected to that.
1	I've had one of these wireless routers for a couple of years now and it's life is coming to an end.
1	Randomly it seems, none of my laptops can connect to the wireless.
1	I am therefore retiring this wireless router.
1	I've never read more mixed reviews for any piece of technology than wireless routers.
1	Settings and trouble verified by a friend who has the same router, but doesn't use it for his PS3, only for it's wireless, which is flawless!
1	Matching speedbooster wireless card connects to the internet only when it feels like it, even in the same room as the router and with 100% signal strength.
1	My computer is Microsoft XP, Pentium 4 I got a wireless Built in my computer , so I dont need a Wirelss card,   Netgear 614 has had lots of Problems, Resetting password problems,  the products came with a Installation disc.
1	However it was unstable and constantly required resetting (the wired connection) not the wireless.
1	The first year or so, the router worked just fine for wired and wireless connections.
1	So went to buy a wireless n router for cheaper and a promise not to buy any netgear product ever.
1	I recently bought this product and set it up and it was working great for 24 hours when the whole unit just stopped broadcasting the wireless signal completely, so i restarted it and the signal came back.
1	However,  wireless connection is not stable  at all.
1	It either  drops the wireless signal , or lock up network connection on wireless side.
1	This wireless router (if you are going to use it as your main wireless router) is great.
1	But if you are looking for a device that is going to be able to bridge a connection and function as a wireless router you are looking in the wrong place.
1	But if you are going to use it for a main wireless router you are fine.
1	I ordered this wireless router based on what other said about its quality.
1	I'm adding a MacBook wireless connection using Mac OS internal Airport.
1	Next, Bellsouth DSL, which I have used for years and like for its remarkable uptime abilities, provides no documentation whatsoever about making a wireless connection to its router.
1	Further, If you enjoy constant internet  wireless drops , and many times no internet at all, than D-Link is for you.
1	This router lasted about a year then it started  dropping wireless  signals.
1	It was very aggravating having to reboot the router all the time and had to be in the same room for the wireless to work.
1	Pros -Great amount of features and customization -Awesome 1GBPS wired connection -Good price Cons -disappointing wireless speed.
1	Built in "good neighbor policy" is prohibiting wireless n to run at 300mbps and instead falls back to 150mbps.
1	Overall: Great unit if your neighborhood is not congested with wireless networks.
1	Here's the short version:Wired or wireless connections internal to the network work fine.
1	Over wifi, using a wireless N machine it ranges from 6 down 2 up and worse.
1	I have several computers and a HP Laserjet4 (13 years old and functions perfectly) I am hooked to my ISP's shared T1 with a wireless connection.
1	I was initially excited about the connectivity, but the  wireless range is poor .
1	The configuration page does not render properly on any of my three Macs, regardless of whether they use a wired or wireless connection.
1	I bought this router in addition to a Linksys wireless laptop range extender  PCI Card and a wireless PCI adapter for my desktop.
1	The only immediate problem I encountered was getting wireless settings set up for my Mac on wireless, but that wasn't too much of a problem.
1	I bought the Netgear WGT624 wireless router and I get FULL signal, thats right, 99% signal where I only got 50-60% (if I was lucky) using my "Expanded" Linksys network (with the Linksys high gain antennas too!
1	This is despite the fact that all three of the computers in my house are Vista and communicating on a Linksys wireless network.
1	I have been using a Cisco-Linksys WRT54G wireless router with fairly good success.
1	The router is 7 yrs old and figured while upgrading a completed home theater system maybe it was time to upgrade the wireless router.
1	But the  wireless has issues .
1	I haven't figured out why, except that rebooting the wireless router fixes the problem, so I'm pretty confident it's an issue with the router.
1	I have also had problems doing large file transfers (>100 MB) from one of my LAN machines to the laptop over wireless.
1	I'm not certain if the router was at fault, Vista, or the wireless driver on the laptop.
1	Many hours of phone calls to Linksys says all is fine and Comcast says it is the wireless router.
1	Disconnected WRT54G and dusted off an old wireless B router and all was great.
1	However after about 6 months the router began to reset randomly - at first I thought there was a problem with the router until one time I came back to find someone trying to surf my network - turns out that the default setting for the wireless option is enabled with no WEP encryption - so a LOCAL hacker had taken to resetting the router using an easy network call and then surfing into my network using the wireless link.
1	i get disconnected at least 3 or 4 times a day using these linksys wireless routers.
1	As of 6/7/10 there is a known glitch that makes the proudly trumpeted guest network inoperable and/or removes secure wireless encryption.
1	Update (2/21/2009):  I just set up a new AirPort Extreme router wirelessly (!
1	first the  wireless connection broke  down every day or so.
1	even the conventional router (non-wireless) does not work anymore.
1	Since my primary wireless router is D-Link, it will not work with it, and I have to buy a 2nd WAP54G to make it work.
1	Alot of the bad reviews seem to be based on sudden, random  loss of connection (on both wired and wireless connections ).
1	I'll have three hours of no problems, then suddenly for the next two hours, I'll randomly lose internet access on both my wireless and wired connections.
1	The  wireless connection dropped  often.
1	Tech support could usually get it going again, and eventually I learned some of the tricks they gave me for resuscitating it: ipconfig through the command window, changing the wireless channel, etc.
1	I couldn't move one room away from the router and maintain the wireless connection through a single wall at a distance of around 30 feet.
1	I noticed that any time my laptop detected multiple wireless signals, my wireless connection would fail.
1	I thought this might be a problem with the laptop, but we also have a PDA with wireless capability, and the Linksys  wireless connection would drop  the PDA at the same times.
1	Later a friend gave me a Linksys Compact Wireless-G router that had the very same problem with its wireless signal dropping whenever there were other wireless signals in the area.
1	It only worked when I gave it to my parents, who live in a remote area where no other wireless signals can interfere with the Linksys wireless.
1	But the  wireless never worked  well, and that is the fault of Linksys.
1	If you live in an apartment building or in a dense neighborhood, avoid Linksys, or prepare to have  big problems with your wireless connection  as soon as one of your neighbors turns on a wireless device of his own.
1	Unfortunately over the past 11 months I had to repeat this 3-4 hour tech support call for other, out of the blue sync issues with the wwireless router.
1	In addition to the sync problems and lifeless customer service technicians, the two antennae wireless router has some of the weakest signal strength I have seen.
1	Fortunatley for me I got a new 2WIRE 2701HG-B wireless modem/router with no external antennaes at all.
1	Then it took 5 minutes more to set up my 2nd computer to the wireless signal.
1	It causes the wireless clients to get confused and which access point to use and every so often goes red for no apparent reason and screws up the network.
1	Device cannot  sustain a wireless  connection longer than 1 minute.
1	I had the WNR2000 and I wanted to upgrade to this POS hoping to get a better reception for my X Box wireless connection which I use for HD Streaming.
1	This also includes some direct router connections, not just the wireless signal.
1	I was replacing my linksys wireless-g because it would reset too often.
1	If you use Vonage and are using a Linksys wireless router -- beware.
1	Purchasing this range expander (or wireless print servers and other wireless accessories) will result in an unbelieveable waste of time and money.
1	Ditch Vonage or ditch hopes of an expanded range wireless network unless you want to connect a router in addition to your wireless/phone router.
1	I went as far as turning off the one wireless phone, even though it was not operating in the 2.
1	The home owner did not know of any other wireless devices in his home.
1	We purchased a new wireless router only to discover that the product was three years old and the warranty had expired.
1	Considering I am using this in conjunction with a Linksys wireless router, I would be expecting a much better experience.
1	The wireless worked.
1	I used the wireless in various parts of my house and was disappointed in the range.
1	I then tried to connect to the Internet using one of my other PCs connected through the hub (non-wireless).
1	My PC got connected, but the  wireless would not work .
1	I tried many different scenarios, but the  wireless would not work  at the same time as my desktop PC.
1	A friend really likes his D-Link router/wireless unit.
1	I don't know whether I just got a bad one, but the wireless range and signal strength are terrible.
1	It doesn't supply a decent wireless signal within a regular house, even at short ranges.
1	In my house, this is the router that we use to connect our Cable internet  ~2 mb/s) to 6 wireless computers.
1	1) I explained my problem with my two week old NETGEAR wireless router and was clearly told that NETGEAR does NOT provide ANY after sales tech support for AMAZON customers.
1	My wireless signal disappears once in a while (even cannot find the router in wireless connection list).
1	I've spent several hours trying to get my Linksys Wireless-G Range Expander to work with two different wireless routers (one of them a Linksys router).
1	Con: The wireless functionality of this router is good when it works, but frequently (I would say 70%?
1	) of the time, devices are  unable to connect wirelessly  to the router.
1	I have not considered turning off encryption; if this is causing the router to become unstable then I would consider the wireless piece to be worthless because I don't want other people to use my internet connection.
1	If one doesn't appear soon, I'll be returning my DIR-655 and buying a Netgear wireless router.
1	Most strkingly the connection I have is 20Mbps which I get directly only from modem or from this router only thru ethernet cable, while I go wireless, if falls significantly in its best positioned antena in a one 1 ft away to 4-5 Mbps which I feel is not worth of its price.
1	Short and sweet: This router's wireless G connection lasted a week then completely died.
1	I bought one of these and after about 12 months the  wireless quit working .
1	Following which the wire connection to a laptop on a docking station failed to work - the laptop on the docking station could 'see' the Router but not the network or internet, other wired computers were fine and turning the wireless on (and then off) on the docking station laptop resolved the problem.
1	The only issue I had setting it up was in the config wireless menu.
1	It kept loging me off everytime I tried to change a wireless channel (the higher ones).
1	My daughter has had some  wireless issues  with lack of internet connectivity but haven't figured out if it's the router or her laptop (she ends up rebooting the laptop and fixing it before I can look at it).
1	However, after a couple of years, it developed a more annoying problem: the wireless network would go away and then come back repeatedly - anywhere from several times a day to several times a minute - on all my devices (2 laptops, Droid phone, and a Roku box on the TV).
1	This was somewhat annoying, though, because the device does not have a hard-wire ethernet port so each step of the way, you loose the connection with the device as you change the wireless settings.
1	I can see why they'd do this to reduce the configuration needs on your wireless devices; however, this means that once the SSID is set to the same as the other wireless device, if you need to continue to configure the WRE54G, you'll have to turn off your other devices or go to a spot that you're sure is out of range of your other devices so you can be certain you're connecting to the WRE54G.
1	However, when we got to the part where I mentioned the model of the other Linksys access points I have, she (well they) basically told me that they were only supporting this device with 3 particular wireless-G access points.
1	This is the product I've been waiting for for years--a way to extend my wireless network without using two wireless devices, a wireless repeater.
1	Do yourself a favor and stay away from DLINK wireless routers (or at least this one).
1	I wanted to configure this item as a wireless-n access point, but they were unable even to grasp my question.
1	I bought this to replace a 4 year older wireless N router that broke.
1	Router was a snap to setup and relatively easy to configure wireless with the NetGear 802.
1	However, woke up this morning with  no wireless  internet.
1	The laptop connecting to the router is approximately 6-7 feet away and is using an intel wireless adapter.
1	I have never had a problem with a wireless connection from this laptop its a very good wireless card.
1	As you can see from the image the  wireless router has serious issues .
1	Only other thing is my brother claims he pushed the button on the top (if using the vertical mount) to try to fix the wireless connection (he obviously didnt know that was just for the quick connect feature).
1	The insurmountably  erratic wireless  performance is what drove me bonkers.
1	In 2010 there's no excuse for a  wireless router that doesn't just work .
1	My router simply decided to  stop sending wireless signals  a little over a year after I bought it.
1	I still have my Linksys BEFW11S4 wireless router which still works perfect, except for only being wireless-B.
1	It installed somewhat easily and except for a little problem with the wireless PC card for the laptop (wouldn't be recognized at first but easily corrected) we had pretty stable use for about a year.
1	As of right now I don't know if we'll be buying another Netgear router & wireless PC card.
1	I've had this router for 6 months now and have spent countless hours/days/weeks/months trying to fix an intermittent Internet connection loss both on the PC to which it is hard-wired and a wireless connected PC.
1	Fine on the hard-wired PC; however, the speed on the wireless connected PC is less than half the speed of the hard-wired one.
1	Unfortunately that machine is Window 98 and needs a B-wireless unit.
1	 Dropped wireless  connection every five minutes or less to both B and G adapters.
1	Get a wireless router from your internet provider and save yourself a big headache.
1	I do not know of the other brands of wireless routers but this one is poor range wise.
1	Seems to need a power cycle periodically to restore decent wifi access, especially with my wireless network printer.
1	I tried to go through the installation instructions for the wireless range expander and found that my PC system consistently failed either to find the range expander in the network, or that it could not be set up and run properly when it could be found.
1	This router worked ok for first few days then it constantly  dropped the wireless connection  to the router an had to be reset.
1	I reset up my old wireless G Dlink with WPA and it too kept loosing connection.
1	Only after I purchased a New Gear router did I learn what reliable wireless Internet was all about.
1	To my knowledge, it hasn't lost its link with any of my wireless devices a single time in the 6 months I've been using it (not including a couple iPod Touches I have, but that's par for the course with those, I suppose).
1	However, remember you wanted wireless, so don't complain about signal strength when you're 100 feet away from the router.
1	If the office was on wireless G I would have bought another one of these for it.
1	The wireless speed and range are horrible--Seemed like I had reverted to my old dial-up modem.
1	The  wireless connectivity was very poor , very slow speed, and unreliable.
1	If you were hoping to use the "share port" feature to set up a wireless print server or wireless external hardrive DO NOT BUY.
1	After two members of my family received computers for graduation presents, it quickly became clear that wireless Internet access would be needed in order to suit everyone's needs.
1	Not being a tech guy myself, I did a bit of online research about wireless Internet routers and purchased this one, as it seemed to be the most commonly used.
1	I would steer clear of anyone wanting to buy this wireless router.
1	Cheaper and easier to buy a wireless access point and put it in repeater mode.
1	especially since you can plug in a cat5 cable to configure the wireless portion.
1	I'm above average on wireless network knowledge and my opinion is this product stinks!
1	2 weeks ago, the range for the  wireless died  and I am unable to get a wireless connection unless I am in the same room as the router.
1	It seems the wireless antenna lasts about 9 months.
1	The range is worse than my older wireless g router.
1	I definitely wouldn't recommend due to range and  no wireless bridge capability  according to d-link.
1	Isn't this suppose to be a wireless router.
1	My old router has wireless bridging capabilities.
1	I have, at last, installed the linksys wireless system including the router plus the wireless USB card.
1	My previous wireless router (Netgear) lasted 5 years.
1	First the wireless would shut off after a few minutes.
1	It lacks the ability to route UDP packets reliably through the wireless, (No VPN or internet gaming), it stops routing wireless packets to the internet intermittently, requiring a reset.
1	4 different wireless devices a Dell laptop, A Desktop with a DLink wireless G card, A Palm TX, and a Blackberry can't connect to it.
1	I bought this product to provide wireless coverage at around my apartment, as the concrete walls caused a significant signal drop.
1	Users of wireless G should be fine as long as they are not transmitting large (e.
1	Six inches less than six inches next to the "crap box" sits this my brand new iBook G4 with a built in wireless card.
1	trying to get back on my own network, when there is no security at all and the crap box is less than six inches from the my brand new ibook g4 with built in wireless.
1	Finally, is it a problem with the wireless card?
1	RECAP: Will not work with ANY wireless security turned on, thus forcing this user to have an open unecprited network.
1	2 days, no internet for the wired or the wireless computer with this router on.
1	If thats all you want to do and you want both the wireless and hardwired abilities in one package.
1	If the wireless module is enabled, it will 'hang' roughly 2-3 seconds after each minute.
1	It only does this when wireless is active.
1	In the end, on their customer support's own reccomendation, i had to take the device back and am using their normal 4 port router (no problems) with their seperate wireless access point (no problems).
1	Second, the range for the wireless part is simply way too short.
1	Linksys instructions say to place the Expander at the "edge of your wireless network" (huh?
1	) which means - plug it in in the room farthest away from your wireless network and wherever your laptop/pc is located.
1	The router set-up had also been horrendous (and for this I lay the blame on Windows Vista because it had previously worked like a charm with my Mac, just plug and play) only to find that we needed this to compete with the many other wireless networks around us.
1	It worked great for about half an hour, at which point it refused to talk to anything on the wireless connection or WAN.
1	The only advantage I can give to the Linksys is that it has excellent wireless range (dual antennas help), and the antennas can be replaced if you need stronger ones.
1	If you don't need these feature, this is a great wireless router.
1	Within the first month I noticed that the router was  intermittently dropping both wired and wireless  connections.
1	Maybe it is almost that easy if you  don't have wireless security .
1	I wanted to use the WRE to provide wireless access in my guest house.
1	I use this device for DHCP and NAT between my DSL router and my other wired and wireless machines.
1	Sometimes it works great, and I have no wireless coverage problems.
1	It will hand out the same IP address to wired and wireless computers, or it will just drop the wireless connection and has to have the power pulled in order to fix the problem (which also disrupts connectivity for the wired users).
1	11b  wireless router which suddenly died  after 1.
1	We have two Macs and two PCs sharing this wireless router.
1	BUT the  wireless range is terrible !
1	I resolved the issue by installing my old Belkin pre-n as a access point and now I have the best of both, good throughput with the dlink and great wireless with the Belkin!
1	Unfortunately, I ran into the same type of problems as everyone else - firmware problems, speed reduction, complete loss of internet capability from my wireless computer - you name it.
1	And the most major problem is the poor signal being received by my other pc on a wireless linksys card about 250 feet away from the router.
1	The 1st unit never worked wired or wireless for more than a few minutes.
1	Wired access was intermitent and  wireless signals were never detected  even tho' the laptop was only 8 feet away from the router.
1	I re-entered all the settings from the day before, but  no wireless signal  was detected.
1	Please don't try to install this thing through wireless mode.
1	After that you have to copy the wireless router setting through the web page.
1	I say, for the money, just invest in a new wireless router with more range and skip this thing.
1	I purchased tjis product to extend the range of my home wireless network.
1	I was not able to install the wireless setup for the router, so currently I am using it as a wired router.
1	I have been a happy Netgear customer in the past, and am technical enough to keep both home and small office wireless networks running fine, but this model has a hardware problem that Netgear tech support has finally acknowledged, but for which they are not providing an adequate fix.
1	Save yourself the trouble and buy a different wireless router.
1	Speed was good, when wireless worked.
1	I replaced my 2 year old WGR614 v1 with the new v6 because it had taken about 7 six-foot falls to a hardwood floor and the wireless function finally gave out.
1	Looking for a reliable and moderately easy to set up wireless router?
1	The 614 would sometimes fail to connect devices/computers/printers, sometimes would show a 'low signal' at the device side, and would seldom recognize my HP wireless printer, so I moved everything back to my Netgear 624 which worked calmly and well.
1	I don't know which wireless router to suggest since I'm only used the 624 and the 614.
1	I don't know today who makes a solid wireless router.
1	Got it up and running the first day - but when I attempted to connect a wireless usb adapter from another mac - crash city - the router went down.
1	Maybe this gear will work with another manufacturer, but it will not work with netgear USb adapters or Macwireless USB adapter - which by the way are the only options for those unwilling to spend $3,000,000,000 for the airport cards (thanks a lot apple for pricing wireless products that other sell for 30 bucks at 300 bucks and up).
1	Someone please make a mac compatible wireless solution!
1	The wireless status kept flickering between available/not available.
1	I've got a low dollar comtrend  wireless router at my work and it's ten times better than the linksys.
1	The first one I bought, the  wireless portion simply stopped working  just after the month return policy, since it was the cheapest one available, and fairly straight forward to configure, I just got another one.
1	Most prevalent, and in real life the customer (you and I) receive from our ISP a Modem/router that may have wireless capabilities.
1	Most of the current/new customers have the wireless feature.
1	I am unable to find an ISP that ships a linksys MODEM/Router/wireless access point.
1	This has been verified using wireless snoopers.
1	I upgraded from a Linksys firewall and Apple Airport to this unit and was delighted with the great price, wireless range, and configurable features (although there is no way to log attempted intrusions).
1	Then, as I worked further with the router, I discovered that the  wireless connection is spotty  - dropping maybe twice an hour for a few seconds at a time.
1	As of this week, this router constantly  disconnects both the wired and wireless  connections.
1	This was my wireless router for years, and it really stunk.
1	There were multiple  issues with this wireless  router right from the start.
1	You download third party firmware (be sure to download and install it plugged into the router, not wirelessly) You don't waste your time with Linksys customer service or tech support.
1	I have set up multiple wireless routers before this one and cannot get this to connect to the internet.
1	I bought this wireless router in early November and finally set it up in mid March!
1	I have not yet used the Linksys wireless notebook card, but the Microsoft wireless notebook card I have is giving "low" and "poor" signal strength readings 40 to 50 feet away indoors.
1	I got this to replace an old linksys wireless b router.
1	I ended up doing some research on line and this is what I did: 1- got my network ready with security 2- Cat-5'd the wireless router to the expander 3- Push the "Autoconfig" button on the expander a few times until I got one of the lights blinking alternatively red & blue.
1	It worked for a short time wirelessly then stopped working even with a wired connection.
1	I didn't have time until some months later to contact Netgear to be informed that only they can set up the wireless connection but won't until I pay 99.
1	Simultaneously supports two physically separate wireless networks at different frequencies.
1	During these period the web-based administrative application is not accessible either through wireless or ethernet circuits.
1	I purchased it to replace a Linksys wireless G router and was hoping for increased range.
1	Switching my wireless to wireless N at the base and on my laptop made no noticeable difference at my house.
1	In that time, the router would randomly  drop the wireless  signal, ALOT.
1	After that, the wireless radio began to disconnect ramdonly.
1	 wireless constantly lost connectivity  and sometimes the access point dissapears from the network.
1	So, I have owned this product for 2 months, and in those two months, the wireless has regularly cut out for no reason for about 4 to 6 seconds every 5 minutes or so.
1	why the wireless can't reach 3 inches, I don't know, but I did it, on a stack of books.
1	If you plan to use wireless, I truly can't recommend this product.
1	My wireless clients would drop to 1Mbps when any traffic was put through it and as soon as a download was paused it would revert back to 135-150Mbps (the max for this adapter).
1	I had set up 4 other wireless networks with Netgear and Linksys.
1	Next I tried to connect laptops by wireless connection to the router.
1	I had a bit of trouble in the first couple of weeks with finding the wireless connection after putting the computer to sleep and turning it back on.
1	Airport on the other hand does allow for wireless printing.
1	from the start i was not able get it to connect one of my two laptops, even though that laptop connects fine to other wireless networks.
1	the second laptop (iBook) was OK at first but then twice the linksys router dropped the connection and stopped serving a wireless connection.
1	it was like it disappeared, as far as the wireless iBook could tell.
1	I recently purchased this wireless router due to the positive reviews and I NEEDED the QoS support.
1	First the likes: set up was pretty easy and connections to the laptops and wireless printers was easy.
1	They said take it back to your wireless computer and it should work fine.
1	Before I even called customer support I had 2 blue lights and a full signal on my wireless comp but I couldnt access the internet.
1	At uni I was an Network Security professional, I've worked for CISCO, now I work for one of the worlds largest telco's with wireless networks.
1	But give it three wireless users authenticated based on MAC and allocated IP addresses, with 128bit WEP, shared key, then apply small ammount of traffic and the wireless connection drops.
1	100BaseTx users can continue to use the net, but signal strenght on wireless connections drop from 68-84 down to 0!
1	the  wireless connection dies .
1	All lights blink, and you can still access other computers on wired and wireless LAN.
1	I tried EVERYTHING, including shutting off wireless capability in case of interference and adjusting every setting imaginable in the router online configuration, to no avail.
1	Despite now having an all-Linksys network, this product did NOTHING to expand my wireless network's range.
1	Had to reset it at least once a day and I couldn't print wirelessly.
1	In addition, I have a wireless voice system (AT&T) that started dropping calls.
1	I already own a D-Link wireless G router (DI-624) that is at least 5 years old and have not had problems with it, so I reasoned.
1	LULLED INTO SATISFACTION Some time later, without making any changes to the router, or any connected device, my PC's have noticeably slow connectivity speeds - both wireless and wired.
1	Shortly thereafter, the  wireless connectivity was intermittent , so I went to a wired PC to check it out.
1	Linksys product WRT54G did not perform to specifications, which indicated wireless connectivity up to 130 feet.
1	I would not recommend wireless home networking until quantum strides in product performance/quality have been made.
1	then i tried it with a wireless card and it worked about 12 hours and then quit.
1	I recently setup a wireless router for my father (he bought an entry level Belkin which was perfect for his needs.
1	This is not much of an issue on initial setup since you are connect via ethernet, but you may have issues if you access the config wirelessly because iyou may lose the connection.
1	The plus side is that the settings took (mac addr addition), but i wouldn't recommend doing any substantial changes wirelessly.
1	The router I replaced was wrt54gs and I did config changes wirelessly all the time because my wife was always buying some new wireless gadget so I constantly adding to the network.
1	First off, I'm only using the product as a switch and wireless access point.
1	It still connects to all my devices and the range is pretty good for wireless-G.
1	I currently have AT&T U-Verse Max internet and I was using the wireless router provided to me from AT&T.
1	If you are using WPA of any kind on your wireless network, it will not work.
1	Put the router on the first machine and installed a wireless card on a PC in the basement.
1	I put the wireless card in a laptop and was able to get full 11Mbps transmission while in the same room as the router.
1	Great if you live in a small studio or one bedroom apartment, but in that case do you really need a wireless product.
1	The WRT54G is still a solid wireless router, but Linksys seriously damaged its value by removing the RP-TNC antenna connectors from new units.
1	The plan was for our apartment to be set up completely wirelessly.
1	They all purchased Linksys wireless G network adaptors and I purchased a Linksys WET11 wireless B external ethernet adaptor (I was weary of the poor Linksys G adaptor reviews).
1	Being as my computer and desk are a good 30-40 feet from the router with no forseeable way to run a wire to it, I have remained wireless.
1	We plugged the computer that we use for accounting (Quickbooks Pro 2007) directly into the router, and set up the other machines to work off it wirelessly.
1	I will seek out a new wireless router.
1	3) Have to reset the router about once a day otherwise my wireless devices can't connect to it.
1	I do not recommend the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G Router because the enclosed software was buggy and did not establish the correct settings for a secure wireless connection.
1	Having moved to a bigger house I noticed my  wireless signal weakened  a bit so I decided to purchase the Liknsys Wireless Range Expander.
1	I would highly recommend that you consider alternatives other than this Linksys range expander to enhance your wireless coverage.
1	So, I took it back to Best Buy----got a Microsoft wireless product.
1	I purchased the router and two instant wireless network PC cards after reading several positive reviews.
1	I am using an Asus netbook with an n wireless adaptor, but the DIR 655 performs exactly the same as an old g router from about 40 feet away.
1	We have Verizon DSL and two laptops, and this should have met our needs -- basic wireless internet in a medium-size apartment.
1	The next day, when I turned on the modem, router, and laptop, we no longer had a wireless internet connection.
1	This wireless network had replaced a Dell wireless network and I am sorry I ever changed.
1	The unit does get really hot and we've had more issues with the wired ports than the wireless.
1	Up and running in a jiffy, and I'm enjoying my wireless access.
1	In those three and a half weeks, I have had one of the best wireless router experiences of my life.
1	Consumer wireless routers are crap in general, so I was hoping spending $150 bucks on a router would be the ticket home, but alas, once again, I am let down.
1	Although the documentation indicates that you are able to stop the wireless network from broadcasting the SSID, the option is not available.
1	I purchased this wireless router to replace an ethernet (wired) firewall router coupled with a 802.
1	11g wireless access point, which couldn't handle the recently upgraded speed offered by my ISP.
1	if you have a mixed b and g devices environment like i so (old laptops and g wireless media servers) the performance is awful.
1	I got it working in a few minutes while plugged directly to it, but had a problem authenticating wirelessly.
1	I called D-Link support and the agent helped get my laptop connected after some work on the router, but my game consoles would not work wirelessly.
1	I ended up giving the router to a friend who simply needed a wireless router.
1	Only pro's would be that when it worked it sent out the wireless signal a lot farther then some of the linksys routers that I have used.
1	It routes information and does wireless.
1	Obviously N is here but if you just want wireless (G) avoid this one.
1	My old wireless router does that, so I sent it back for a refund.
1	It was a little confusing since the setup steps and correct answers are not outlined anywhere in the documentation provided in the box, so it took me a couple of tries of selecting the different setup options and selecting the correct wireless device, from those found by the setup program, to get it set up, but it eventually worked.
1	I can't see the extender in my network, but I definitely went from a poor signal to an excellent signal, and I can see the blue lights start to blink on the extender when my Vista latop connects wirelessly.
1	This process should have been much easier since I have the new version of the linksys wireless router that this extender should work "seamlessly" with - WRT54GS NOTE - if you go the the linksys website, there's lots of discussion there about problems with answers supplied by linksys.
1	After hooking up our home wireless network using a Linksys WAP54G and appropriate cards, in combination with a Direcway DW6000 sattelite Internet connection (the recommended approcah by both parties) we anxiously awaited the range extender.
1	I'm not sure this is a valid critique of this specific router, because it's the first and only wireless router I've ever owned.
1	There is another wireless router at a resort complex five miles away and I can get one bar for that router.
1	the  wireless range is very short  15 feet max.
1	so I brought home a wireless router from the office to test it out.
1	It works great wired but  wireless range is terrible .
1	it is a powerfull tool for wireless expanding utility but my location is in saudi arabia and i have speedtoud ADSL modem with wireless but its not working with it and i tried to connect linksys access point with this modem and its work.
1	These computers were connected to the wired ports, and NOT  wireless.
1	I was not using any wireless devices at this point.
1	I would recommend reading a primer on wireless security before you fire up the wireless connection -- the settings aren't explained in a way that a normal person could understand them, and the instructions don't help much with that either.
1	4 for traveling, so I can connect to relatives' networks and use my wireless features.
1	I have a Linksys WIRED router from the past, and it works just fine - and always, so I thought the wireless one would work well, but this is not the case.
1	The first wireless G Router I ever owned.
1	I bought the WGR614v6 and a wireless NIC when my Ethernet card broke.
1	Alas, the router's wireless interface is disabled until you physically plug in an Ethernet cable and configure it.
1	I took the WGR614 to work hoping that I could set it up there and convince it to turn on its wireless interface.
1	Ok, I've gotten to be quite familiar with the wireless LinkSys products and their misleading descriptions.
1	However, occasionally, I would have  wireless connectivity issues .
1	I bought this to replace an aging Netgear WGR614; I use the router as both an internal router for my home LAN (behind a separate router which functions as my firewall) and as a wireless access point.
1	I tried and it told me to that it couldn't find the wireless point -- site survey failed.
1	As most users point out, ignore the documentation unless you are on a wireless island.
1	The corporate technician was able to help me by suggesting that I simply get a different type of router (too much interference from my neighbors' wireless systems).
1	You need to access this utility in order to change anything to do with either the router setup or the wireless setup.
1	Conclusion: If you have no security on your wireless network, this is a great buy as long as you dont change AC adapters.
1	If you have security on your wireless network, be ready to strangle some people once you are done trying to set it up.
1	To improve stability over my Pre-N wireless router from another vendor and (2).
1	to improve the distance for wireless connection.
1	It is too early to know if the first goal has been achieved, but I am very  disappointed with the wireless  coverage.
1	So my recommendation is that if you are looking for a wireless router to extend your coverage area, you might want to look elsewhere.
1	Spent three hours with technical support after installation CD got stuck at some point and, eventually, was able to download a webpage wirelessly, which took a couple of minutes.
1	However, after securing the network, the  wireless connection died  completely despite many attempts.
1	If you are not wireless router savvy (I am not) you may need to call DLink support as I did to optimize the settings.
1	2 ) Anytime a cordless phone is used in the house it knocks out my wireless connection.
1	It did not expand the range of my wireless router, and after SIX hours, yes that's correct six hours with customer service, and speaking with four different "specialist" on three different occasions it worked, but it didn't expand the range.
1	I purchased this wireless router because my previous experience with D-Link.
1	Alas, two weeks from the end of the warranty (90 days) it ceased being a wireless hub, and became a lowly wired internet hub.
1	The Positives - the speed is undoubtedly there for our wireless devices.
1	But the biggest headache was setting up my wireless HP printer.
1	It also frequently seems to not recognize wireless devices it once did and I have to unplug it for around 30 seconds then power it back up again to get it to work.
1	At first I blamed wireless interference from my neighbors but after connecting direclty to the router via ethernet cable I could still not get a connection.
1	OVERALL:  I need something like this, so it was either fidget with this until I could get it to work, or I was going to have crappy wireless in that part of the house.
1	So my desire for better wireless gave me the patience needed to put up with this.
1	I bought Linksys's wireless router because after doing some research and from a personal recomenadation from a friend that had their four-port router (the non-wireless equivalent) I determined that they were the best.
1	After several months, I noticed that the two other computers that I had connected to the wireless network would loose their connection occationally.
1	I will routinely have full wireless signal strength, but the router will lose it's internet connection.
1	I kept my Linksys wireless cards which work fine -- wireless access appears to be similar with both routers, tho' slightly better with Netgear.
1	This replaced a Netgear BEFW11S4 router, which was hideously inept at keeping its wireless signal up or doing port-forwarding.
1	As I work, I can see the  wireless signal drop  from full strength to nothing for a few seconds, then come back.
1	At other times, I've turned on a computer to find the signal gone and unwilling to come back - this can be fixed by plugging into an ethernet port, visiting the configuration page and simply "OK"ing the wireless settings, without changing anything.
1	Of course, if ethernet were convenient to me, I wouldn't need the wireless.
1	Nevertheless, home users shouldn't have to baby their network devices, particularly if you need wireless because your computer is physically nowhere near your DSL terminal or cable modem.
1	To restore the wi-fi connection with the router, you have to either power cycle the printer, or on the printer control panel switch it temporarily to wired LAN, then back to wireless.
1	Canon will tell you if you have ANY other wireless device in your home, that device will "steal the IP address of the printer.
1	" No, that makes no sense, and even if you disable every wireless device in your home, it won't solve the problem.
1	Every time I tried to get my money back, they connected me to an engineer who either went through the same steps with me again, or explained to me that since my Roku worked wirelessly, there must be nothing wrong with my router, and therefore it must be a Canon problem.
1	The current one is very slow and  wireless signal is weak  weak and weak.
1	The wireless function to all my household laptops was terrible, dropping out and not being able to hook up to the router about every half hour.
1	I bought this router for its wireless and wired capabilities and price.
1	However, the  wireless still did not work  properly.
1	I could see the wireless network from my laptop's network window, but the network name had been mangled (several letters were incorrect) and I could not connect to it.
1	The setup program located my wireless B network, but could never find the range expander.
1	10 of the firmware, but using this version, the router didn't work with one of my friend's wireless cards.
1	14 broke connectivity with another one of my friend's wireless card.
1	02, there were no connection problems with the wireless.
1	The USB wireless adapter under Windows XP was considerably more challenging.
1	Finally, the wireless portion of the network has yet to succeed in establishing a WEP encrypted connection.
1	Oh yeah its not even wireless, my 2 (top of the line) Macs lose the connection every other 30 seconds.
1	The setup wizard on the supplied CD does not run on either of my wireless PCs, both have Linksys cards installed, and I have found no trace of any firmware upgrade on the Linksys site for this product.
1	This router works well when you use the wired network, however, not being able to use the wireless defeats the whole purpose of a "wireless" router.
1	I purchased my router from bestbuy, and after a month of use, I kept getting disconnected from my wireless connection and the signal would decrease as soon as I connected.
1	Old versions gave horrible performance, wired and wireless.
1	I work for a commercial wireless equipment provider and I can't believe that they could have shipped the original version.
1	But we don't compete, I don't do domestic wireless.
1	After a while we noticed that the  wireless would randomly drop  after a few minutes.
1	I cured this by adding a commercial wireless device to one of the wired ports.
1	This restored reliable wireless Internet for a month or so, but then the wired side started dropping out.
1	To make things more interesting, before I found out that the second replacement was faulty I ordered this product and Linksys's wireless print server from amazon for our other office.
1	Hey for.
1	I bought this unit to replace a wireless DSL gateway in my home.
1	and add the wireless and home network myself(cable co.
1	Not up to speed with Centrino computers - requires endless tweaking to make a reliable wireless connection.
1	As a wireless access point, connection fails when the USB adapter is in a room, and the router is in another room perhaps 60 feet away with a right angle turn.
1	If you are serious about your wireless network, though, I suggest going with a more powerful router, like the Cisco 1202.
1	Put the router on the first machine and installed a wireless card on a PC in the basement.
1	I put the wireless card in a laptop and was able to get full 11Mbps transmission while in the same room as the router.
1	Great if you live in a small studio or one bedroom apartment, but in that case do you really need a wireless product.
1	The ethernet still worked but the main reason I purchased a wireless router was because its a "WIRELESS" connection.
1	However, I've had all sorts of problems with wireless connections; everytime I reboot my laptop it takes a few DAYS to get it to connect again!
1	The  wireless performance is horrible .
1	I have a Linksys wireless network in my home and three computers, all running Windows XP.
1	I bought this router a few months ok wanting to upgrade from the basic Linksys wireless router.
1	Using the router's simple web interface, I configured WEP keys for the router &amp; my wireless card.
1	So anytime I want to use the router securely, I've got to: 1) disable WEP on my wireless card 2) re-acquire a DHCP address 3) regenerate WEP keys with the router's web interface 4) enable WEP on my wireless card with generated key 5) re-acquire DHCPYou may imagine this makes security prohibitively inconvenient.
1	So I'd recommend it only if you are planning for continuous uptime or live in an area where you don't have to worry about others intercepting your wireless transmissions.
1	Currently, although I am happy (sadly enough) to say I can use the internet with this darn thing hooked up, I cannot get it to produce a wireless signal.
1	I bought this router to form a wireless bridge between a netgear WNR3500L and this unit.
1	I also attempted to pair this with a wireless N adapter to connect a machine in the same remote room.
1	I was totally unable to get this to cooperate with a the dlink extreme wireless N PCI express adapter.
1	By contrast, with the WNR3500L acting as my master router, the dlink wireless N card functioned okay with a average throughput around 3.
1	I cannot advise using this unit to form a wireless bridge.
1	It might work fine if paired with a different wireless N adapter.
1	On a side note, I bought a second WNR3500L in order or form a wireless bridge and found the performance similar to pairing the WNDR3700 with a WNR3500L.
1	Unfortunately, this product could never complete the scan for available wireless networks.
1	it seems to be fine now, but i am going to move and that is going to start things over as far as getting on-line wirelessly.
1	I needed to expand my wifi coverage in my home, this wireless G expander was rated the best, I read the reviews and many warned that is was difficult to set up.
1	) I am returning this junk and doing some research to find a better wireless expander.
1	In a prior review I wrote that the Linksys wireless router was a nice addition to my notebook computer after I adjusted to the range and speed being less than 1/2 of the published performance specifcations.
1	This is the first wireless router I have purchased and Im pretty content on how fast it is, I get the same speeds(when Im close the the router of course) as if I had the cable connected.
1	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC.
1	3) Crashes "just because" sometimes, 4) The wireless security protocols would not allow us connect iphones, our playstation 3, or our Wii to the network until I turned off wireless WEP encryption and set up MAC Address filtering instead.
1	This was a great router in 2000 and it would probably work really well for my parents or grandparents that just want to do email and maybe surf the internet (especially if they are running older OS systems with older wireless hardware).
1	At checkout I realized the product number and item changed to the WGR614 wireless router.
1	Linksys wants you to buy wireless g routers and their newest, latest, thing, not this one so no support.
1	Once I go through the D-Link DIR 655, either through wireless or a wired connection, the speeds drop to reasonable levels!
1	This router/wireless access point is great when it works, but unfortunately its frustratingly unreliable in a mixed environment.
1	It will reasonably consistently connect to my Netgear G wireless card, but getting it to connect to other manufacturers' B or G equipment is a lottery.
1	This product is a real PAIN to add into a Linksys wireless network.
1	I'm still not sure how well the expander will perform since I can only use it for about an hour before my Linksys wireless network locks up.
1	Now it regularly  drops our wireless  connections.
1	1 router setting which plays havoc with wireless Blu-ray players, wireless TVs, iPhones, etc.
1	I read the reviews before purchasing this wireless router, and thought it would be better than my old Linksys.
1	I have it in the same spot as the old wireless router.
1	I have a new laptop and thought using a new wireless router with "N" would make it faster and the reception better in my home.
1	I didn't have to do this with my old wireless Linksys.
1	I started my quest for better wireless coverage looking at the HGA7T antenna, and read a report there suggesting the Linksys WRE54G range expander device was a better solution.
1	The concept of the WRE54G is a good one - the ability to extend the wireless coverage.
1	Also, I hope you realize that once the WRE54G is installed, it cuts your effective wireless throughput in half (which may or may not matter, given that most people's broadband bandwidth is still slower).
1	I'm moving on to try the HGA7T instead - a fraction of the price of the WRE54G, much simpler solution that should be "good enough" and provide a stronger wireless signal that has better coverage than a single room (oh yeah, the WRE54G supposedly only boosts the signal significantly in the room in which it's installed, and the antenna should increase the signal broadly around the house).
1	The management utilities from D-Link and NetGear allows me to reboot the router, even thru wireless.
1	2 ) Anytime a cordless phone is used in the house it knocks out my wireless connection.
1	I bought it for my office a few years ago and attempted to use it as a wireless B router.
1	It didnt work, so I went out and bought a wireless G router and that was fine.
1	Recently I tried to use it at home as a wired router, thinking that  since it was not being used as a wireless router, it would work fine.
1	I soon discovered it wasnt the wireless feature that was the problem.
1	It frequently loses the Internet connection regardless of wired or wireless, especially when streaming video.
1	I've tested several Routers and just yesterday replaced my Linksys router with a SMC Barricade 4 port wireless router.
1	I ordered this, plus the USB wireless adapter, because I heard it was easy to use.
1	This router forced me to wipe fedora and install Windoze XP(ensive), and I have to have the XP computer on CONSTANTLY just to use the wireless on my macs.
1	trying out a Belkin wireless N router.
1	" As the other posts note,  you'll need a substantial knowledge of wireless technology to ever get it to work.
1	I had to try two wireless cards in my PC before getting a signal (but this may have been the fault of my first wireless card).
1	It freezes up constantly, wired and wireless.
1	we have two wireless computers on the network and we are constantly being kicked off about 10 times a day each.
1	the only solution 80% of the time is to unplug the wireless adaptors and replug it.
1	)I setup this wireless router to act as a backup internet link for an eCommerce firm when their primary DSL link became unreliable.
1	Also, by using aftermarket external antennae with your wireless NICS (not all of them support them), you can get more range from the unit.
1	Install was a snap, I have WPA security installed on my linksys wireless router.
1	Immediately saw increase in signal strength on all my computers with wireless adapters (desktop with linksys usb wireless adapter, dell laptop with intel wireless minicard, dell laptop with pcmcia wireless adapter).
1	Channel number for the linksys wireless card (also version 4) was not configurable, if it was different from the default channel 6.
1	Since I was very happy using Linksys's WIRED 4-port router before, I was willing to spend more bucks to buy a wireless router from linksys again, which turned out not to be as good.
1	If you don't know what that is (like I didn't), it's the early version of wireless-N.
1	We (Cisco and I) eventually got it in sync with my wireless router but it only amplified the signal by approximately ten feet, if that.
1	In both wireless and wired mode, the XP was extremely slow when using the browser.
1	I would bring it down to my home office and reset the wireless connection.
1	Not only does it work properly, but it also has a max wireless speed of 450 mbps at in the 5g mode.
1	In addition, I tried to use this AP for *only* hard-wired connections (turning off all wireless devices at home), and over time (30 min or so) the hard-wired computer would lose its IP address over DHCP, and I couldn't get a new one.
1	So now I've standardized on Lucent Orinoco wireless gears: 3 silver cards (2 for laptops, 1 for a iPAQ 3650), 2 RG-1000 APs, and life is wonderful.
1	I changed my wireless channel and a few other settings hoping it was a fluke.
1	=)  I hooked my WRT54GL "Molasses Edition" back up and away we sailed on our wireless G network in less than a minute and no disconnects.
1	The DIR-655 router worked great with my PC and iMac, but  wireless just wouldn't stay connected  to my Apple TV device (first generation).
1	Tried a variety of settings after hours of investigation on many Apple and D-Link forums but no luck, would get intermittent wireless disconnects almost daily.
1	Really wanted to keep this router but re-setting up the ATV wireless connection everyday was not very convenient.
1	Would not recommend the DIR-655 for those who have a first gen ATV on their wireless networks.
1	I've owned this router for a couple years now, it is a solid wireless router with easy interface etc.
1	But ALL wireless routers are very poor for network data transfer.
1	I get 5Mbps internet and this router (WPA2 remember) get's a top consistent transfer to my laptop (wireless 802.
1	I pull full 1Gbps off my Linksys SD2008 switch, wireless n, when standardized won't even touch a quarter of that in real world use.
1	This router works great when it's up - great speed, excellent range on the wireless, and 54 Mbps throughout the entire house.
1	The  wireless is unreliable  and I wasted entire too much time thanks to that.
1	in an additional 30 mins or so had my wireless laptop going and didn't have a single problem.
1	Switching from an Orinoco or a Cisco wireless card on the laptop was easy and no problems there either.
1	Performance:   I will review only the wireless part this.
1	It was a little slow on some of the more heavier network utilizing applications but its wireless you can't expect the speed of a Lan line.
1	Now with all that said here comes the BAD part:about a month ago, the  wireless part stopped working .
1	I bought this wireless router to use with my laptop in my house.
1	I have so many issues with using this router for my wireless laptop.
1	Every week I need to reconnect it wireline to the network in order to have it keep working wirelessly.
1	The DIR-655 was easy to intall, but the  wireless portion of the router died  a week later.
1	The wireless range was terrible and was a step down from my old Dlink wireless G router.
1	I then purchased an IPad 6 months later and it couldn't connect to the wireless.
1	It got worse when we tried to bring in the laptop as part of the network and became a nightmare when we tried to resolve the issue of why the laptop couldn't print through the router/wirelessly.
1	I just wanted a wireless router that works, with security that's easy to set up.
1	When I finally connected the router guess what it would not hold a stable connection both wired and wireless.
1	But when I started using the wireless connection, the connection between router and modem died.
1	Like many of us I needed to expand my wireless signal to another building.
1	After some setup tine with their foreign techs via phone I was now ready as per their instructions to call linksys support and have them configure the devices wireless MAC address into my linksys WRT160NL wireless router.
1	He suggested that I get their WRE54G range extender which would work with their wireless routers.
1	Logging into the router itself, while plugged in or via wireless, was a bit laggy.
1	The wireless signal was decent, but not a significant improvement  over my 802.
1	It means that one of the supposed differentiator feature for this router doesn't work and you have terrible experience trying to backup things - it doesn't matter if through wireless or wired connection.
1	By this time, my wife was getting pretty frustrated with the old Asante router (it needs to be power cycled once a day for the wireless to work).
1	Bought this wireless router as I was seeking a dual band router with a dedicated N band and guest network.
1	Another real plus was the range of the wireless signal on both G and N.
1	The eight year old Linksys B this replaced (due to it needing reboots 4x daily) was faster both in wired and wireless forms.
1	To those USERS of wireless technology who are fortunate enough to know technically gifted folks who will hold their hand, let me echo many sentiments and add a new caveat: 1) Set-up is NOT far the feint of heart; it is challenging.
1	When I recently purchased a laptop with integrated wireless I grabbed this router off the shelf, excited to setup a wireless network at home right away.
1	I sometimes still have a hard time getting the router to work unless I plug in and then unplug the ethernet cable once I'm accessing the wireless network.
1	I bought one of these in July of 2011 and have been using it as the only wireless access for two teenagers and two adults.
1	It hosts both Ethernet and wireless devices on both 2.
1	It is now June 2012 and in the last 2-3 weeks we have all been noticing that the wireless access has become very flaky.
1	In a different part of the house I have another wireless network that passes its traffic back to this Netgear access point over Ethernet and find that this second wireless device is very stable and fast.
1	If you use a wireless adapter, forget it.
1	Wireless clients show strong signal strength connecting to the box, and indeed the box's 'wireless lan link' light is lit.
1	However, the box refused to provide DHCP service to any wireless clients.
1	There are a bunch of wireless routers out there.
1	I recently replaced it with a Netgear wireless router, which works perfectly.
1	And now the Linksys wireless router is where it belongs.
1	In some ways, this wireless router works as you might expect.
1	After a month of usage, the router decides that, every evening at some point, it would no longer connect any wireless devices.
1	When the  wireless connectivity drops  out, no wireless devices will connect to it our even see the connection in the list of those available.
1	No dropped wireless, faster than the Netgear (even when it was working), and has, hands-down, the best router management UI of any router I've had (and there have been quite a few).
1	The router worked fine with direct CAT5 connections, but totally failed with wireless connections using the WMP11 cards.
1	Like most other wireless-n devices, this router is not compatible with the old WEP security and would default to 54M maximum speed.
1	(3) The bypass account feature does not work with a wireless bridge in combination with the router.
1	I eventually had to take the computers off the bridge and used wireless adapters on each computer to do the work.
1	*** UPDATE:  So, day two, after 86 minutes on hold with tech support, the second tier tech support informed me that the reason I was having wireless issues is because there is no ALG configuration ability for this router.
1	So if you buy from Amazon and need wireless, you might be screwed.
1	I know how to replace a router and set up a wired/wireless network, adjust the security protocols, etc.
1	All this hassle is not worth the extra 10 Mbs I get wirelessly.
1	Speeds were horrible with the wireless option turned on or off.
1	Hard lined or wireless i should have been getting something better since i have anywhere from 10mb to 20mb cable modem speeds.
1	NEVER have I had a  wireless router perform SO poorly .
1	I've had a wireless b connection for years that works perfectly, thought to buy the g to speed things up, and am so frustrated i'm going to throw the unit in the trash.
1	Furthermore, I cannot get the router to work with my Dell Lattitude computer which has a built in wireless card.
1	Did my usual research on Amazon, Cnet and Newegg before choosing a new wireless router as I was hoping to get a better wireless range than the one I get with my old and trusted Linksys wrt54g router.
1	Sometimes it connects to a drive I attached, sometimes not,  wireless isn't any better.
1	I own my own business doing network &amp; computer consulting and I am going to make sure that if my clients are looking for wireless, they are going to stay far far away from Linksys.
1	It would be nice to actually have a users manual for the exact product instead of one that roughly mixes all of their wireless routers together.
1	I have tried cards, and USB ports from Dell and still  can not get the wireless  and my computer to connect.
1	Speed did not increase neither did the range of the wireless reception.
1	I was really excited to finally get an N router, an upgrade from my Linksys wireless G WRT54G2.
1	net rated my home pc with a connection of up to 25mbps connection and wireless speeds around 15 mbps.
1	Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N, connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps.
1	Worked great for 22 days, then i wasn't able to connect wirelessly.
1	Am I the only person that thinks it is lunacy to sell a wireless expander that needs to be plugged into the wall and doesn't offer the option to use batteries instead?
1	The router is on a separate floor on the other side of the brick wall from the wirelessly connected computer.
1	Of course the  wireless signal is weak  in this situation and naturally an expander should be the ideal solution, but why force it to depend on cords?
1	Just like I don't want ethernet cable running along all the walls and baseboards of my house -- or an expensive and expansive dry wall and plaster repair job, I don't want extension cords and power cords running along baseboards and walls to provide power my "wireless" expander!
1	After only a few weeks this router's  wireless stopped working .
1	When I was unable to get my new Netgear WNDR3700 wireless router to recognize my internet ready TV, I went to Netgear's warranty service number.
1	Since I have never had experience with wireless components for my home LAN (Local area network), I was hoping to resolve the issue quickly by the Netgear experts.
1	The first one worked for a little over a year, and suddenly  stopped broadcasting a wireless signal .
1	tried the normal trouble shooting methods of firmware upgrades and turning off wireless security to no avail.
1	Within a day, though, I started  losing wireless  connection to the router repeatedly.
1	Even though setup was easy, be ready to delve into the details of wireless networking to make this router work.
1	Then, a month ago  wireless connections started dropping .
1	It got worse and worse:  MacBook, XP, Vista, iPhone, and wireless printer all started having problems.
1	I bought this unit to replace an aging Microsoft Home Networking wireless router (802.
1	The  wireless connection was slightly slower  (about 5%) and the range was only slightly better than the old unit.
1	My recent linksys wireless-g was ready out-of-the-box for this.
1	Test that it's up and running by going to its admin page from a wireless PC.
1	Power up the range extender, close to the router, so it finds your own wireless network when it self-configures.
1	240) from your wireless PC and see that it's working.
1	Hit the range extender's admin page on the wireless network to make sure that you're actually talking to it.
1	You'll  lose your wireless  network connection as soon as these are effective.
1	Verify connectivity by going to both admin web pages, from both your wired and wireless networks.
1	Never had a drop off issue with the Linksys but have to often reconnect my Notebook PC to the Wireless and often loose internet access via wireless.
1	Router works GREAT hard wired but the wireless is very unreliable just like other reviews on here have warned.
1	Also, I had much better range on wireless G on the Linksys than I do on this router.
1	I've had my first wireless router in 2003 and had upgraded to several brands of router past years.
1	After 9 month of good service, it drops internet connection every couple of hours both wired and wireless connection.
1	It looks I will have to  buy the G wireless router.
1	After having multiple failures with Linksys products (Router, Wireless PCMCIA card, wireless Printserver) I've given up on them.
1	The documentation is the worst I've ever seen and assumes that you're a wireless expert.
1	I own a wired router and wanted a new one so I said why not get a wireless one?
1	I'm running a minimal configuration, nothing fancy beyond password protecting the wireless.
1	The Linksys WRT54G and WRT54GS routers have been the number one most popular wireless router devices available for the past few years.
1	However, the earlier WRT54G product has now been replaced with a less powerful wireless product (version 5) that has had its onboard flash RAM chopped in half from 4MB to 2MB and its system RAM cut from 16MB to 8MB.
1	There is nothing wrong with using VxWorks and over time Cisco will probably work out the bugs but for now the newest wireless routers are not reliable.
1	Why would Cisco do this to its most popular Linksys brand of wireless routers?
1	The open source Linux firmware with the large amount of flash and system memory was attractive to many third party independent software developers that were turning the WRT54G and GS routers into powerhouse micro Linux wireless computers with a functionality approaching and often surpassing the $600+ wireless routers that Cisco sells.
1	Finally, if you do plan to flash your WRT54G with third party firmware the  ones before version 4 of the WRT54G wireless routers are supposed to be easier to work with.
1	For the WRT54G wireless routers look for CDFA or a CDF9 or lower (CDF8, CDF7, 6, etc.
1	0 (CGN5) are also good and will have more flash RAM available if you want use the wireless router with third party firmware.
1	PROS: The most popular, flexible, reliable and highly rated wireless router on the market before the WRT54G version 5.
1	Since I watch a lot of streaming video, play online video games, and online chat with my friends, I figured I'd buy an upper tier wireless router to put the package all together.
1	And by the way, it doesn't matter whether or not I'm wired in or wireless.
1	This router is easily overloaded and struggles to deliver the full N speeds across the wireless network.
1	shortly after the warranty expired the  wireless conections started dropping .
1	the  wireless drops  got worse - multiple times an hour - even when sitting in the same room as the router.
1	I am not sure that there is really any wireless router that lives up to it's promises.
1	The Netgear wireless router product is apparently in working order because I mailed it to my son in Tennessee who got it to work just fine on his equipment which is the same as mine.
1	The  wireless communication slowed  to a crawl and would speed up after a power cord removal and replacement kind of re-boot.
1	Then the  wireless communication failed  entirely.
1	Now, it is about 6 months later, and the  wireless communication is failing  again in much the same way.
1	The first had the problems described - in fact the router would crash within a few seconds of wireless activity.
1	I am doing PPPoE in Mindspring (Baltimore), the wireless and CAT5 works great and setup was straight forward.
1	The connectivity with my other  wireless routers was horrible .
1	Internet connection would drop even though the wireless connection would stay connected.
1	Fortunately, I have a wireless connection that allows me to access the web from my laptop while in different rooms of my house, but that's where the product benefits stop.
1	All other devices beyond a few feet are no longer detectable this wireless router.
1	Some five years ago, I heard many people said Netgear has poor reliability products, but I still want to try after so many positive response to this particular wireless router.
1	It worked for about a week and then all of the wired and  wireless computers lost their connections  and could not access the Internet.
1	I finally gave up when I tried to add a wireless bridge to the network and all of the other devices lost their connections.
1	I've used Netgear products for many years, so when I wanted to upgrade my wireless network, I chose the WGR614.
1	The wireless part of the network just stops after a period of time - when it's running G, sometimes after just a few minutes and never longer than a couple of hours.
1	First, the way it works: This expander essentially emulates the set up of your wireless router.
1	In summary: If you have: 1: NO OTHER wireless hotspots visible to your computer (unlikely); 2: NO SECURITY on your own hotspot (not recommended); You should be able to have this thing working fine.
1	The symptoms are: No routing; No wireless, or slow wireless; No response to ICMP pings; No response to web configuration; Status lights do not indicate a problem; No DHCP server.
1	The wireless section still worked, as I could access the internet with my iPhone through the wifi section.
1	Running the install CD on 2 different computers actually completely disabled the internal wireless modems with no warning.
1	The first question the guy asked was if my wireless router was broadcasting it's SSID, it doesn't for security reasons.
1	Works well, sometimes there are some issues with the signal probably because there are a lot of wireless router on the same building.
1	This caused the wireless part of the router to fail, although naturally it took quite a while for me to figure out what happened.
1	got up one morning, the wireless network connection was completely missing.
1	i get disconnected at least 3 or 4 times a day using these linksys wireless routers.
1	If you use this router for heavy traffic it will disconnect you constantly, both wired and wireless.
1	D-LINK DIR655:  Allows different schedules for different events (e-mail activity logs, times to block wireless access, times to block web access, times to block specified URLS, etc) ********************************************* NETGEAR WPN824v2:  The free 1 year parental protection service offer by a company called "Trend Micro" is no longer any good.
1	On the wireless side, the router communicates well with my 802.
1	The  wireless aspect, however, was not so good .
1	The setup for a wireless connection was routine.
1	I am on my wireless connection 14 feet away and at a 39%.
1	Pick up a wireless phone and this thing is DEAD until the call ends.
1	To sum up, if you only use it for basic wireless networking and internet gateway, it does the job fine, but anything beyond this point, Linksys E3000 wins hands down.
1	My 8 year old Netgear FVM318 router's wireless speed is 100 to 200% faster then the DIR-655 router, and the latency is consistenly 33% better!
1	The DIR-655 dropped WIRED connections at least once an hour and the wireless is off more than it is on.
1	After some weeks of trying various versions of the bios and all kinds of tips I found online, I finally gave up and bought the $32 Belkin-G wireless.
1	The Belkin also drops the wireless connection now and then, although not nearly as often.
1	Configuration was easier with the Belkin, too, especially the wireless password.
1	This makes it so much easier to add your computers to the wireless network.
1	I, like others, cound not get it to work with wireless security turned on.
1	To be fair, the product worked fine without wireless security, but I see little point in helping my neighbors tap my internet connection.
1	Given that I have to go on to other tasks, and that I do have some B devices (like wireless cameras), and people are saying that B devices won't work (in recent reviews), I am pretty sure I have three boat anchors on my hands right now.
1	I have always considered it a challenge to work around their documentation, but I have always succeeded before, with WRT45G, with WRT45GS, with the wireless internet cameras, with PC card adapters, etc.
1	My wireless was working perfectly for my Xbox.
1	I only got Ethernet from this router and since it didn't give me the wireless it promised.
1	For me the Linksys BEFW11S4 wireless router was not the way to go.
1	Now I still need wireless.
1	so I bought the Linksys wireless AP model WAP11.
1	But with the WAP11 I can relocate the wireless router which now can extend my range by placing the WAP11 in the best location in my home.
1	It can handle multiple wireless devices well enough.
1	com/gp/product/B00426C57O/ref=cm_cr_asin_lnk/175-7913809-1613964">Roku 2100X XDS Streaming Player 1080p</a> ) and two laptops connected through the wireless.
1	I use the wireless with a Win7 laptop, Macbook Pro, iPhone, WP7 phone, and XBox360.
1	I plugged my printer's Ethernet cable directly into one of the router LAN ports, configured all settings as I have with 2 previous WiFi Routers (Linksys and SMC), and while the printer appeared on the network (responds to some IP address pings), none of my wired or wireless computers could print due to communications errors.
1	I use the linksys wireless pcmcia card, however, with no problems.
1	Any time I lose power or the DSL goes out, this  wireless router quits working  and I have to call Linksys tech support.
1	I carefully researched my new wireless home network, read all the reviews, talked to IT friends, and settled on the Netgear "G" product.
1	All the lights indicate it is still working fine, and my hard wire connection to the cable modem works great, but no signal emits from the wireless router.
1	I don't know if this is the best you can expect from wireless networking, but I'm not impressed.
1	Call me a couch potato, but wasn't it the sole purpose of having a wireless network, so you don't have to be literally sticking to a router?
1	Not only does it  drop wireless connections , it drops wired connections as well.
1	, as well as trying to extract some useful diagnostic information from Netgear's minimal online support site, I decided to try a different wireless DSL router.
1	I have many years computer, networking knowledge, have used many wired and wireless routers.
1	The wireless-G router can be on for so long before it stops sending signals or internet.
1	I left mine on all day everyday and found that it has a lot of problems sending signals and communicating with wireless cards (laptop and wireless computer).
1	had to get help for first time setting up a wireless unit, but product works great.
1	Maybe once a week or every other week I have to unplug the thing and plug it back in because both the computer that's directly connected to it and the wirelessly connected computer suddenly won't get any info from it.
1	I think next time i buy a wireless router i may look into the NetGear.
1	My only complaint about that dinosaur is that it suddenly looses the 5Ghz wireless connection when streaming a lot of video, probably because of overheating.
1	Once I was able to power-up, I connected to the router via wires no problem,however, I was unable to get the wireless side to work.
1	The wireless router I had seems to disconnect every 1 or 2 hours tops.
1	Most of the problems occurred with my laptop connected wirelessly to the router.
1	The setup program works well, and the device configured to my wireless network with little difficulty.
1	Linksys knows this and has corrected the same problem with early models of its wireless routers (I use one and the Mac sees and can use it, but with an extremely low signal, thus the need for an expander.
1	Initially, the problems were  intermittent wireless drops  (as you most undoubtedly have read on various Linksys forums).
1	Just last month, I decided to buy a brand new NIC and attempt a wireless resurrection.
1	The very next day,  wireless was once again gone .
1	4g  wireless will now sporatically connect .
1	We bought a basic Linksys ethernet router and hooked the wireless up to it with the hope that they would connect with each other easily and at least the wired computers would be able to connect reliably.
1	Our cable comes into the house on one side, but the kids and family computers are on the other side and depend on wireless.
1	Over the years, we have had a few routers, all with mostly good but not perfect wireless performance.
1	Laptops and wireless connected just fine when they were in the same room as the router.
1	Then, after applying the firmware update for the router, I got no response from it - wired or wireless.
1	Now, I'm a Network Administrator for a medium-size enterprise, and I'm no stranger to routers and wireless bridges.
1	But forget about wireless.
1	It would loop through its diagnostics, and finally stop all wireless communications.
1	In fact, the WLAN light would go out, even though its interface page still said that wireless was enabled.
1	Very occasionally, it refused to accept wireless connections (always worked for hard-wired) and the only solution was to unplug, wait 10 seconds and plug back in.
1	I have a windows 7 PC, a smart phone and an XP laptop and all would be blocked wirelessly until the router was restarted.
1	If your wireless network is using WPA2 encryption, this product does not support it.
1	Linksys has done the wireless community a great disservice by making it incompatible with third-party firmware that has more functionality than Linksys's own proprietary firmware.
1	I bought this set it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds.
1	I have configured over 125 Aeronet/Cisco/Linksys wireless APs using both GUI and IOS.
1	As was said before, turn your router and other wireless devices off and hit the repeater (extender) direct.
1	Direct connections work fine--but come on--90 days before the  wireless goes .
1	It seemed like a good fit since I program applications for wireless handheld devices.
1	After a few months, the wireless feature of my router stopped working.
1	It would  no longer allow wireless connections (wired still worked).
1	The wireless features on it were working and I was happy again.
1	A few weeks ago, though, the wireless features of my new router quit just like they did in the first one.
1	Linksys apparently has problems with the wireless aspect of all of their routers.
1	I have owned this, along with the wireless notebook card, for 6 months.
1	(Note :This is for the wireless products) I even cooked dinner watched a movie and sang Soprano while on hold for help.
1	But the wireless network is going to fail you at some time.
1	But unless you live in the middle of the Serengeti, I'd NEVER recommend having no security on your wireless!
1	)  My setup kept saying it failed to find my wireless network, and then when it found that it couldn't find the Linksys range expander itself!
1	Except for the overheating problem, I like this product, the wireless connections work fine, and would recommend it (just think about keeping it cool.
1	I've setup 5 or so routers, a wireless media center and wireless printer server combined in less time than it took to get the Range Expander setup.
1	If it weren't for the excellent wireless signal stength that I now have throughout the home, I'd never give this more than lowest rating.
1	For the life of me I couldn't figure out why the internet connection would stop working both on my wired computer and wireless one, I can't even access the internal "admin" site.
1	After that it intermittently would  loose wireless  connection.
1	11b Linksys box and two Macs connected wirelessly, one 802.
1	Couldn't set up wireless parameters with Safari Firefox works OK - Using open wireless security Macs would occasionally refuse to connect with error message - even when mac showed router connected via wireless, often could not open the setup page of router.
1	Other times if I disconnect the wireless connection and try to reconnect it will see the SSID of the router but then be unable to connect to router a few times.
1	It contains everything you need to set up a wireless network in one small box.
1	I could still ping the router via a wireless client, but I could not ping any wired computers or the DSL router.
1	I was having problems with a wireless notebook card.
1	I'm in a lab, with perfect Ethernet connections on both the WAN and LAN sides of this router (no ISP involved), and my wirelessly connected computer is sitting feet from the thing, so there's no "bad signal" issues.
1	Using it in wireless mode: now you see it, now you don't.
1	Discovery by the Windows wireless manager fails a lot.
1	Out of the box, the  wireless doesn't work , BY DESIGN.
1	Change the wireless SSID from the default "NETGEAR" and it's goodbye wireless LAN.
1	4 GHz network for streaming movies, because TiVo wireless adapter is 802.
1	It has tons of options, including 2 separate wireless networks, guest network, different security options etc.
1	I use a linksys wireless card in the laptop.
1	Hooked up 3 desktop PCs (2 wireless) to it and got them all up and running.
1	Then after about 1 minute of surfing from one of the wireless boxes it just stopped working.
1	They wanted me to download new drivers to the wireless ethernet card (also Linksys), which I did.
1	Downloading to the hard-wired PC was quick, but downloading the same file to one of the wireless PCs had 1/10th the speed.
1	To top it off, both wireless PCs again lost their internet connection and wouldn't connect again.
1	I have now given up hope and am sending all the Linksys wireless stuff back.
1	Overall, the DIR-655 has a much better wireless range than my old DI-634M but the DIR-655 keeps  dropping my wireless  connection after about 5 mins for about 2 to 5 seconds.
1	Once in awhile probably due the heat, the wireless signal dissapear, or wouldn't let wireless comps log in and I have to pwr it down for 10 secs and pwr back on and it worked again.
1	I wouldn't recommend pcmia nor pci Netgear wireless adapters due to bad experiences.
1	At the end of the day, I would have been time and money ahead just to pay.
1	It took me some time to realize that Cisco's "Aironet Client Utility" or "ACU"---a separate program under Start/Programs---, and not my Windows 2000 operating system, controls the important wireless parameters for the card.
1	Once I found that out, I was able to set the channel, infrastructure and other parameters to make a wireless connection.
1	Once fully set up, the wireless access point worked well.
1	Just as your body moving around the room, as well as many other things, can interfere with FM radio signals, it can interfere with a home network wireless signal.
1	I give Linksys high marks for a good physical product, but mediocre marks for its documentation of wireless.
1	I would hope that Linksys would give a few hints in its documentation about how to get its base station to work with others' wireless cards, particularly Cisco's, which seem to dominate the industry.
1	My old Buffalo  wireless router died  and I bought this as a replacement.
1	One problem I had was that during setup, because the  wireless signal was cut  off, my laptop, without my realizing it, connected to a neighbor's very weak unprotected signal.
1	Once I had done this I found the Dell wireless card could not pick up the secured dlink router and had to go out an purchase a new dlink wireless card for the desktop.
1	Further the windows xp wireless client does not report that the connection has been lost, instead it shows that everything is just fine and dandy.
1	Installed the wireless G router (Dell GX750 desktop/Win95) & matching notebook card (new Dell lattitude C610 laptop/WinXP).
1	0 mbps DSL line and was getting very close to 52 mbps transmission speed on this wireless router.
1	I chose this item for the USB wireless printing--does not work.
1	But just like so many of the previous reviewers, after several months my  wireless connection would drop  frequently everyday requiring constant power unplug/replugs.
1	I wish I could tell you that the add-on was worth it or not, but since I never got it completely installed for wireless, I'll never know.
1	Now I'm not a Netgear hater - they have some great networking products such as hubs/switches/extenders which I have used for years and had no problems whatsoever, but the wireless products are total junk.
1	We have the Linksys working just fine now with a PC laptop with a cheap wireless card and a Mac going directly into one Ethernet port.
1	So, if you want your wireless router to work, you have to pretty much give up any hope of future tech support.
1	My quest to resolve the wireless connectivity issues with this product through the Linksys channels has taken so long that it has taken the product out of the warranty period.
1	I've provided a 3 star rating only because I haven't gone wireless as yet.
1	This router constantly  drops the wireless  signal.
1	I generally find, however, that no one buys a "wireless" router not to use wireless, and that is where the problem is.
1	The wireless performance of this router is abysmal.
1	The WPA security features ended up interfering with a lot of the stuff we have hooked up to wireless, so DLink's answer was just to switch it to WEP mode.
1	At times, the rating (percentage) I got from the wireless router was better than the Expander.
1	The wireless has worked flawlessly and the signal is MUCH stronger than from my previous router.
1	The N wireless function did install and work very well on my Vista Unltimate laptop, and wife's Vista Home Premium.
1	This goes for both the routing capabilities (with an impressive array of options, from PPPoE to MAC address spoofing to a great little feature known as DMZ, which exposes one of the machines on your network to the outside world) and the wireless capabilities.
1	However, the wireless range and signal strength is downright pathetic.
1	The next time linksys was on sale, I bought their wireless router, installed it in 15 minutes (including crawling around my cable warren) and fortunately cannot report on customer service, as I've needed none.
1	11g wireless router is very high recently.
1	WRT54G  can't access to internet through wireless  connection.
1	But, after I turn on the wireless router, my laptop can't connect to the internet.
1	bin) through your website and run the upgrade function through my laptop (which is connect to WRT54G through wireless).
1	Not only I can't access the internet from my desktop, my laptop can't find any wireless signal!
1	Laptop: IBM X22, with D-Link DWL-650+ wireless NIC.
1	I bought a high gain antenna, range expander, a usb wireless adapter and this piece of junk WRT54G version 5 router.
1	The main reason I bought this is because of the several wireless appliances I have I hoped to use the range extender and antenna to cut through some interference and provide a better signal to a desktop that sometimes drops when some wireless cameras are on.
1	This is my first wireless router purchase and it is a piece of crap.
1	Ethernet connected computer speed was great but the  wireless performance was sub-par .
1	We thought it was our house but another wireless router set up in the same place yielded much better connectivity and speed overall.
1	11b adapters were not able to get the wireless link.
1	" Even when it was running unsecured for trouble shooting, it did not appear to actually expand the range of my wireless network and would lock up on me requiring reboot ater reboot.
1	I've been trying to connect the wireless expander and had no luck since day 1 no luck.
1	I setup a new wireless router from a different manufacurer and unlike what NetGear told me - there is NOT an issue with my PCs or home network.
1	I have yet to try the wireless option with my laptop.
1	It randomly disconnects from the internet for all connections both wired and wireless.
1	It is supposed to help the wireless neophyte install a secure system.
1	(Several internet sites will describe this process step by step, and it seems that even the most elementary security will be better than what most people use as I found 2 unsecured wireless networks from my own living room).
1	The connection would now go for a few days before dropping, when I finally took the advice of a friend, (with a Netgear wireless router with similar problems), and converted the router to a Wireless Access Point, WAP.
1	I reinstalled my old trusty BEFSR41 as the main router for the cable modem, and disabled DHCP in the WRT54G - You will need to set up a static IP address for the wireless router that's different from the normal 192.
1	It seems that I've had a few  wireless disconnects , but I haven't had to recycle the power like I had to do with my old Linksys.
1	I highly recommend either using a different brand of wireless or just keep the wires running through your office or home.
1	After wasting two hours running the install CD and then Linksys's web-based configuration utilities and not getting the wireless router to work, I broke down and called their customer support line.
1	I purchased one in conjuction with buying a new, big-name notebook with wireless card.
1	I was never able to get the WGR614 wireless working without technical support, and never able to get it working with WEP or other security.
1	Have 4 computers on this unit 3 wired 1 wireless.
1	VPN is not supported over wireless.
1	Replaced DIR-655 (which I had for a couple of years) because wireless printer in basement could not be "found".
1	I bought this as an upgrade from my d-link DI-524 router, because I needed something more dependable for wireless, and something with a better signal (and performance).
1	The  wireless connection to this router stopped working .
1	All my  wireless devices were disconnecting  constantly.
1	The wireless coverage of my Asus N Router is awesome.
1	The version 1 will only work with routers that support WDS or Wireless Distribution System while version 2 is expected to work with all the wireless access points and wireless routers available in the market.
1	And trying to get help from Dlink customer service is a joke, none of them know anything about wireless routers.
1	wireless laptop works, and one of my wired computers works.
1	After about a day of use, however, the  wireless dropped  and none of my devices could find the SSID.
1	After a reboot, things worked fine again for a while and suddenly, the problem repeated itself -  wireless dropped  and SSID missing (though the indicator light for wireless broadcast was illuminated).
1	This being my 4th or 5th Netgear router, I am familiar enough with their router management software to have attempted to tweak some settings (security, broadcast, and otherwise) to attempt to resolve the issue but was unable to successfully keep my router transmitting a wireless signal.
1	2) While the 5 Ghz wireless signal is a nice option, of my 10+ wireless capable devices, only one is capable of finding and utilizing 5 Ghz.
1	This is a very basic security feature that should be available on all wireless routers.
1	When you make the choice to buy a linksys wifi-G acces point, you are obligated to buy linksys for everything wireless.
1	tried to hook up to lap top for wireless internet service and cann't even get a connection even though i have the linksys wireless -b notebook adapter it states internet connection not found.
1	can take router away from high speed modem and connect to laptop through lan on my desktop with no problem just cann't go wireless for some reason.
1	If this is the case, it doesn't make a very good broadband router, but if you're just using it for wireless access to your existing network, you might get along just fine with this.
1	11g wireless adapters and one had 802.
1	11n wireless (faster), but all three were connected with the router at "g" speeds, NOT the "n" speed which was the whole reason for buying the router.
1	I finally went back to google and found that the wireless 802.
1	I've called them three times before I've got my wireless roughter set up and I had to yell, and treaten to get the last tech support I spoked with, fired!
1	I've been maintaining wired and wireless networks in my home for over 15 years so I was pleasantly surprised by the ease of installation, support for both 2.
1	I connected my cable modem to the router's WAN port, and my desktop PC, OOMA, HP Printer and DISH satellite receiver (via RF wireless) to the 4 LAN ports.
1	My work laptop, Android phone, wife's iPod and my son's two desktops were all configured to access the wireless network, although typically no more than 3 or 4 of these devices would use it at once.
1	8, my son's computers picked up 3 bars of 5 instead of 2 in wireless signal strength, I no longer needed the fan and all was well.
1	That's when wireless or both the wired and  wireless networks started dropping  from the internet.
1	She had had me change some advanced network settings and the wireless channel.
1	This is a good router, both wired and wireless but the feature that attracted me to this (the shared USB port) does not work as claimed.
1	This is the worst wireless router I have ever owned.
1	wireless signal strength was just bit better than belkin &amp; was not any better than linksys befwf411s v4 nor wrt54g v1.
1	Its possible that so many multiple connections, ie wireless devices, other computers, and game systems confused it.
1	Also i started getting strange IPs on my DHCP table, leading me to believe someone was hacking my network wirelessly.
1	I'm no stranger to computer hardware and I've tried every (poorly documented and ill conceived) solution typical to wireless router as well as those specifically recommended by D-Link.
1	No dropped connection and excellent wireless coverage.
1	I was just upgrading from a Trendnet wireless router.
1	So, highly NOT recommend this product to anyone who would like to have a home wireless network.
1	Finally, we were able to wireless connect with our new Win XP notebook as well as the hard wired main PC.
1	Getting our older notebook with Win 98 SE on the wireless network was an additional challenge.
1	Too much wasted time in getting a simple wireless network set up.
1	It also about once a week will stop accepting wireless connections and has to be rebooted.
1	Purchased this item in the hopes of extending the range of my, NON-Linksys, wireless modem.
1	This is my 3rd Netgear wireless router - so I've been a fan of Netgear routers so I purchased a refurbished Netgear router (WNDR3700v2)  First the item arrived with the setup cd just floating around in the box - it was all scrathed up and didn't work, so I used the wizard to do my setup.
1	The router would reset itself around every 10 minutes while the wireless connection was in use.
1	Random loss of connection either through  wireless connection failing  to work.
1	The original non wireless 4 port router worked,while not perfect, at least a reset monthly was all you needed to keep it working.
1	a month ago I replace the still in-warranty BEFW 11s4 with a Netgear wireless G router.
1	I have configured it as a wireless switch as the BEFW11S4 was, and as a Broadband router.
1	From strictly getting a wireless signal from my router throughout my house, it did fine.
1	I have been a long time Netgear fan I started with my first one being the MR814 a wireless B router which was amazing for the time.
1	Throughput of this device was  atrocious on wireless  and very suspect on wired.
1	Now the BIG ISSUE was the wireless the highest through put I got off that wireless was 4 MB/sec.
1	I replaced it with the BEFW11S4 (The wireless model) After 3 minutes of setup, it worked perfectly for my old non-wireless connections.
1	1 of our laptops wasn't getting the wireless signal on the second floor of our house.
1	After this experience, I will never buy another Netgear wireless product again.
1	With either version my wireless laptop had a decent signal (3 to 5 bars) no matter where I went on my property (about 70 feet away max) even with 4 or 5 walls in the way.
1	This is a not a product for people who don't want to learn all the gory details of wireless networking.
1	All I wanted to do was to connect to the internet using my new laptop with its built-in wireless capability.
1	Also, the wireless adapter in my Toshiba laptop warned me that I was using an unsecure connection.
1	From a feature perspective, this router provides all of the essential wireless ones---a built-in firewall, MAC address filtering (which allows you to choose specific computers that are allowed to connect), SSID broadcast enable/disable (an invisible Wi-Fi network is more secure), and decent access logs.
1	Nonetheless, this renders the  wireless router useless  to me.
1	The router worked real well for about a day and then the wireless connection went south.
1	If you need a wireless router, it is the preferred brand.
1	I am so dissapointed to say I have to returen the wireless router and cards I ordered.
1	I bought this product to add range to my old toshiba laptop that only utilizes a wireless g network connection.
1	All are connected via mixed mode b/g/n wireless network with no problems other than the fact that the old toshiba laptop gets a poor signal because it only picks up the  802.
1	Running the router in g or b mode only is a problem because it cuts the wireless download speed of the other attached devices from 17mbps to about 8mbps according to the FCC online speed test.
1	The other option is to run an Ethernet cable from the router to the wre54g, which is a problem because it defeats the purpose of purchasing a wireless range extender in the first place.
1	Bottom Line: this product can be useful if you are connecting it to a wireless network that ONLY uses 802.
1	I bought an Asus N12 router to flash with WW-DRT and use as a wireless repeater for my 360 across the house.
1	Because they bought this one, and unfortunately they had a problem -  wireless and wired connection never worked .
1	I helped, it worked, both wireless and wired.
1	The  wireless functionality stopped  working after about a year.
1	The  wireless drops  out at least a couple times a day.
1	The  wireless doesn't even show  up on the "Available Wireless Networks".
1	It's nice having a simultaneous dual band router - wireless G for range (reaches 3rd floor from basement) and wireless N for fast data transfer.
1	It should display all of the wireless and wired devices such as computers and laptops connected to it.
1	My Belkin has been flawless so far and it provides much greater flexibility in setting up my wireless network and security settings.
1	11g and I wanted to update my wireless to 802.
1	I didn't have any issues with the wireless connection as long as there was a signal.
1	I did have to directly plug it in to my existing wireless router to configure it and it seemed to do the trick.
1	Some say it might be the ISP but I have another computer connected through an ethernet connection - no problem there when my wireless connection drops .
1	I bought this router to establish a wireless network at home, under windows xp.
1	I am very familiar with setting up wireless routers.
1	and am writing this review on an XP laptop over the wireless network with a 28k streaming radio broadcast running.
1	After a year using one, it started having issues keeping the wireless connection up to the access router.
1	Perhaps a router/bridge combo that can perform wireless bridging to act essentially as a repeater would be a better choice.
1	After several months using this product and trying to get VPN to work wireless, I finally got it working via the DMZ.
1	This is very poor, since only 1 machine can now use wireless VPN.
1	With the Netgear wireless router, I can now have several PC's using VPN.
1	Then the laptop couldn't find the wireless network (despite the fact that it found five wireless networks operated by my neighbors).
1	I'm not a techie so I don't understand why I can connect to the internet via my neighbours's wireless connection through my apt wall but not to my Netgear router two feet away from me.
1	Almost constant disconnection problems with the wireless connecting with two MacBooks and a Nintendo DS.
1	There's a direct correlation between price and quality with wireless routers.
1	Then the wireless signal started failing <i>, and would only come back to full strength for a short while after turning the router off and back on.
1	Otherwise, do not buy this router for anything other than basic wireless signal, which may stop functioning after a week.
1	I decided to test it by going into the advanced wireless setting in the configuration page at netgearrouter sign in page and disable the wireless transmission.
1	But now I don't have wireless connection which I wanted when I bought this router in the first place.
1	I think this router wireless transmission interferes with the telephone line which, in turns, drops the DSL connection.
1	I have a simple system, two Win XP computers, a router, and a wireless adapter.
1	The speed is also great and encrypting the router for my wireless laptop was  apiece of cake.
1	i bought this router about six months ago it worked perfectly fine untill one day it jammed mind you i have called dlink over ten times to solve other issues my laptop would connect but no internet and when i got internet just for a few moments only my desk top would connect wireless coz i had a d link usb adapter it was frustrating a waste of money.
1	The problem is, that every single wireless router that Amazon sells has a lot of negative and positive reviews.
1	I am currently logged onto the internet via my wireless router.
1	Wow, are there any really good wireless N routers out there?
1	I was replacing an existing G router because I wanted the higher wireless speed as well as gigabit ethernet.
1	0, which has an ethernet jack, I need to connect my router to the Ethernet Jack on the Range Booster ONCE for setup purposes (so it can copy settings I believe) and then I will be able to expand my wireless network.
1	If you know anything at all about wireless routers then I suggest you set it up manually without the CD.
1	I am personally not so familiar with computers but it should not be so difficult to hook up a wireless router and I had a lot of trouble with this.
1	I bought this product to replace my two year old wireless G Linksys router which I was having to reset constantly.
1	I went with wireless N because I wanted more range.
1	Well, the range on this router is significantly less than the range I had on my wireless G Linksys.
1	I figured going with a wireless N router would give me the little bit extra power I needed to be able to listen to Pandora with the door closed.
1	Assuming I could get the router to work, would I really want to use a wireless LAN with no security?
1	It travels between three wireless networks every week: my mom's house's, my dad's house's, and my school's.
1	I have an Atheros wireless card, my mom's network goes through a Belkin router, I have no idea what my school's is, and my dad's router is this Linksys system.
1	Feeling very confident about my purchase based on the great feedback and reviews, I named my wireless connection as "Blazing Bytes".
1	Bought the Linksys router mainly because they seemed to be more readily available and Linksys has a good name in the wireless market.
1	Also of importance is that a wireless connection will sometimes be unable to contact the router once you take it off sleep mode.
1	 wireless will not work .
1	 wireless will not work .
1	 wireless will not work .
1	Second - I have had this product for a year now and have made roughly 57 calls to linksys and no one has been able to help me make it work outside of the room it is installed in, which defeats the purpose of wireless.
1	I bought this router to upgrade from an older DI-624 wireless g router.
1	When gaming or streaming, the DIR-655 begins to fail after 20 minutes and loses connectivity; all wireless connections fail .
1	Inconveniently, the router needs to be manually reset to allow wireless devices to connect again.
1	Features: Good Connectivity: Poor Reliability: Poor GUI: Poor Tech Support: Unknown Compatibility: Good, when connected Speed: Very good, when connected For a wireless network that does not need to handle heavy traffic, this unit may be perfect.
1	I had used this wireless router for maybe three yearsand had to reboot it often.
1	1, and not only did I experience the same lockup and instability problems other reviews have reported, I was never able to get wireless to operate from a laptop only 3 feet away!
1	Still couldn't get the wireless to work .
1	I've already gotten a Belkin F5D6231-4, and wireless worked perfectly the first time (so the problem wasn't my 802.
1	This wireless router works about the same as other wireless routers I have used.
1	If anything, the distance for reception is shorter than my older Netgear two antenae wireless router.
1	Installation and documentation so-so for the wireless network novice - doesn't explain why things are done, coupled with Windows XP settings ends up being very hit and miss, not intuitive.
1	Post-installation, usually unable to get wireless link with our home network although less trouble getting PC to link with undesired wireless networks.
1	Finally they bought off by telling me to upgrade the wireless PC card's driver.
1	7) You may have to search for wireless networks again on your PC,etc and reconnect.
1	There are excellent instructions to install the router; however, the guidance on how to go "wireless" is incompete at best.
1	After 4 hours trying to get the wireless feature to work (which involves switching back from the awful instruction book to the less than helpful website where the router must be configured) I spent 2 hours being yelled at by a custmer service rep who failed to mention that I needed to key in a passcode from the bottom of the router.
1	Called them but was told that if the wired part works, the wireless should work too.
1	I'm not happy that a "top of the line" consumer wireless router lasted a year.
1	Not only was the wireless portion dead but the wired connections were dead as well.
1	Needless to say this wireless router met my concrete floor at a high rate of speed and I'm about to go out and buy another model from a different company.
1	I bought this 2 months ago, because my wireless 802.
1	The problem is that I have an old house, with stucco walls, which play havoc with wireless .
1	$400 later, I am no better than my wireless 802.
1	One wired, the other wireless.
1	Transfering files from a wireless laptop to a wired desktop works flawlessly.
1	Well, I've bought a WRT54G and a WPC54G notebook adapter to have a nice, fast wireless connection to my desktops connected directly to fast ethernet.
1	I'm gonna return it, but I'm really frustrated, after 4 Linksys routers I've bought in the past with 100% satisfaction, this wireless router disappointed me big.
1	Wired connection still ok but wireless connection drop every 5 seconds after established.
1	5 ghz wireless speed fluctuates massively.
1	All computer hard wired or wireless connect great.
1	I have had Linksys Tech Support on the line telling me the the 3 Com cards I had were the reason I could not access the internet with the wireless .
1	Then, about three weeks after the warranty expired, it stopped transmitting any wireless signal .
1	I would lose my IP address and wireless connection .
1	I would lose my wireless connection .
1	Thinking that I might have some kind of wireless interference, I tried just plugging in a hard-wire between my computer and the router.
1	Therefore, my conclusion is that it has nothing to do with the wireless side of things.
1	I hooked it up in an environment of about 14 wireless devices (computers, ipads, etc).
1	I wasn't sure it was the router until i noticed my devices showing up as "Wired connections" when they were really wireless.
1	Both the wireless and wired liks had problems.
1	I talked to friends that had the same and they told me they had falkiness & one said that if they didn't use the wireless for some period of time it just stopped working.
1	Still, the link quality is poor on the wireless <i>(goes from 100% to dropping the connection immediately).
1	However the main reason I bought this is for wireless.
1	Now my lights on my router say both wireless connections are working and on but nothing can even see the SSID from the router even though its set to display the SSID.
1	If you want an expensive wired router go for it and buy this it'll do you good but if you want wireless I wouldn't touch this device.
1	The wireless range is significantly less than I'd expected, but I'm looking for 3rd party antennas that can address this issue.
1	Then the router started to connect with two wireless connections instead of one.
1	If you want to use this router, I recommend you get everything working first before adding any security to your wireless LAN.
1	On the positive side, the router works fine with the wired LAN and lets the wireless and wired computers communicate and share files.
1	On the other hand, the wireless connection drops out intermittently for no apparant reason.
1	The wireless connection drops intermittently .
1	Sometimes disabling the wireless connection and reenabling it fixes the problem.
1	They suggested the BEFW11SW router and the WUSB11 wireless USB Network adapters for the remote PC's.
1	Sometimes only the WAN (connection from router-(modem)-world) drops, most of the time the LAN drops too- both from my laptop (wireless) as well as from my PC (ethernet).
1	I'd try using my old router and configuring this just as a wireless access point, that doesn't appear to be an option.
1	I've already ordered a refurbed, older.
1	But in my case I came to the conclusion that I didn't have an alternative if I wanted to easily extend my wireless coverage.
1	I tried restasrting my wireless card and even turning the router on and off.
1	With the expander turned on (and with my wireless signal indeed showing much stronger, as advertised), my download speed was down to less than 100 kpbs!
1	I set up wireless repeating on it and it sometimes works and sometimes doesn't.
1	I've been using this router for two days and already I've begun to notice delays in the pages it serves, both for wired and wireless connections.
1	Pros: Works as described, increases wireless network range and speed Works with secured networks Compatible with Linksys routers Three year manufacturer's warranty Cons: Automatic setup doesn't work as promised (even on unsecured networks) Expander is prone to resetting or changing configuration settings if unplugged or power outage occurs Breaks frequently (in my experience), unit can heat up quite a bit during normal use Blue/Red status indicator lights do not always reflect actual expander status (ie 2 blue lights indicating connection, but connection is not present) Overall, when the products works, it works great.
1	Moreover, it is only AFTER you try and setup the expander that you get an error advising you that you cannot use it with WPA security (only the mos t effective security for wireless home networks).
1	I'm no technical genius, but I've setup a few different wireless networks.
1	the N600 was fabulous for 5 days until one night my wife asked, "where's the wireless network?
1	It was really easy to set up out of the box and I got all my wireless devices (2 laptops, 1 desktop and 2 smartphones) connected to the internet in minutes.
1	Every few minutes wireless devices would stop receiving data from the router.
1	The first one is at work, the wireless connection to laptop became on and off, and eventually lost completely.
1	Never had so many problems with staying connected to internet (cable) ever and this was just my PC, the connection with the wireless notebook (when there was one) was painfully slow.
1	Other times, I need to reset because the wireless connection is lost .
1	My first place choice, is my old D-link DI-524 router, at least in terms of the wireless capability.
1	Even though it was an older wireless G router, the signal strength was better than any of the new N routers I've tried, and my Skype video sessions were rock solid.
1	For slightly less money, I got a better wireless signal with the TP-Link.
1	My wireless pc card works fine at my office using another wireless hub, but does NOT work at home even when using another Linksys pc card!
1	The router seems to assign the wrong MAC address to the wireless iterface, which is probably preventing my LINUX box to see the DHCP ACKs.
1	My DHCP server is getting the DHCP requests, but my wireless computer never gets the response it sends back.
1	The cabled connections seem to work just fine for me, but what's the point if the wireless isn't working?
1	The wired/wireless functions have been working fine except for the following items:Client/server multiplayer gaming does not function.
1	Cons: Shareport USB was broken/defective/never worked, Boot up time significantly longer than older DLink DIR-615 I own DIR-615 and have been very happy with it so far and thought of upgrading to DIR-655 to take advantage of the Gigabit LAN ports (wired) and the N 300 for improved wireless connectivity.
1	Over the last 5 years I have used at least 3  Linksys wireless routers.
1	The first one was working OK then suddenly its wireless part stopped functioning so I had to buy a second one.
1	Whenever I connect my MacBook to it wirelessly, sometimes in seconds most often in a few minutes the router just freezes up, all my PC's connected to it will lose internet connection.
1	It replaces an older D-Link product to cure the problem with other wireless network interference and an occasisonal freeze up.
1	Part of the problem may be due to a commercial wireless network in the neighborhood or other manufacturer's units in the area (there are six competing wireless networks active at any time).
1	I only wanted the wireless part to support my laptops as I already have a Linksys voip router.
1	So far I have 3 Linksys devices, a voip router, a usb net print device and now this wireless router.
1	I'm a college student living with 4 other roommates so the wireless works area-wise in our apartment.
1	Periodically, the wireless radio will turn off .
1	So, I could follow DLink advice and re-accomplish the wireless setup wizard from a directly connected workstation.
1	the router works but the wireless doesn't .
1	11b / g repeater that Linksys says works only with its WAP54G access point and WRT54G and WRT54GS wireless routers.
1	- Setting up the router was more painful than I thought - Mixed n and g signals are less powerful than just g, but you can configure something neat here: set up a n and g signal with two different SSIDs, that maximizes performance - Does not do well with concrete (ie basement) or another wireless 2.
1	The wireless does not have the range advertised (or anything close).
1	The main advantage is getting internet reception on a laptop wirelessly.
1	I was dissapointed to learn that you cannot lock down the wireless network to a specific set of MACs.
1	Have 4 computers on this unit 3 wired 1 wireless.
1	The wireless connection speed is now only 65mb/s on N.
1	I either have to replace my blu ray player or the wireless router.
1	Also, the range expander may increase the range of your wireless network, but according to the Sr.
1	The wireless intermittently cuts out completely (ie, the lights on the front indicate it is no longer providing wireless service), the port-forwarding completely broke in the latest version of the firmware, there are no docs for the updated firmware, even though the web interface has changed and added new features, and the docs have no information for using the router with anything other than Windows.
1	The main reason I was upgrading was to extend my wireless range.
1	I will say this: the router has an excellent wireless signal.
1	But then I couldn't get the Kodak 9250 wireless printer to clear its memory of the network setting, so then I had to go back and rename the ssid and then everything worked again.
1	When connected wirelessly it works a little intermitently with the simplest configuration, but when you try to button it down by disabling SSID broadcast, or enabling WEP, forget about it.
1	As for me, this is the fourth Linksys product I've had problems with (I had 2 hubs die, and the companion wireless card WPC11G is defective), and I'll never buy another Linksys product again.
1	I have used D-link, linksys, netgear, cisco, USR and belkin wireless  products.
1	The wireless card from netgear for 54G is pretty strong also.
1	I just unplugged the D-link wireless and put in the Netgear.
1	They said this router doesn't work with my wireless adapter and I needed to buy a Netgear adapter (wtf?
1	I just got the adapter with the wireless dsl router.
1	I was exciting for 2 mins after connecting to the wireless router but then my connection dropped.
1	My iMac is hard wired, but it's wireless router can see the 5G network and connects to it without asking for a password (I've got WEP turned on but for some strange reason the network shows up as unlocked and unsecured).
1	Have 4 computers on this unit 3 wired 1 wireless.
1	I bought this router with a few simple expectations over my old D-Link 524 wireless G router: 1) Increased signal strength 2) Increased range 3) Freedom from microwave interference and 4) Faster Ethernet.
1	After finally getting the firmware updated, I set up the wireless connections.
1	There is a wireless network for each band (2.
1	This router (WGR614v6) keeps dropping the wireless connection.
1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT if you are using a wireless setup.
1	In a nutshell, you reset the WRE54G (using a paperclip or something), locate the WRE54G with your wireless configuration utility (Wireless Zero on XP, or Airport on OSX), fire up the WRE54G admin page (192.
1	I just bought a new DIR-655 and the wireless is basically worthless .
1	The wireless is slow whether it is from device to the internet through a cable modem or device to device just through wireless.
1	The previous DIR-615 is starting to go out, crashing every day, but after a reboot, the DIR-615 is 12 MB with wireless.
1	My iBook AirPort and Windows 2000 /USB wireless adapter both found the router easily.
1	Today I tried to install an update wireless style, and now the router won't work at all.
1	So if you can't tell what the wireless signal is, how can you tell where to put it?
1	I've been using this Linksys wireless router for over a year, so I've got some experience with it.
1	Sure, sometimes you can manage to get a wireless signal, but otherwise it'll suddenly drop for no reason, then refuse to let you reconnect.
1	Somehow, as the connection goes through the cable modem to the router and then to my laptop's wireless card, the speed is reduced to dialup sometimes.
1	Constant disconnects between computers on the lan; wired and wireless.
1	I have a Linksys WRT54GS wireless router, and am using the new WPA encryption.
1	I received the first wireless router.
1	Since we don't need to wireless feature, we ended up replacing it by Cisco RSV4000.
1	)ok i have the Linksys Wireless-G Range Expander WRE54G and i can't connect with the router XXXXXX: So this is an initial set up for this wireless expander, right?
1	I can't find the version, only show wre54g XXXXXX: Then if there's no any version, then it's a version 1 wireless expander.
1	Neighbors have let us use their wireless.
1	", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.
1	Set up the client computers with whatever software and hardware you bought for wireless hookup, then run your pc's version of the Network Connection Wizard.
1	I use a WRT54GL with Tomato firmware installed, and I higly recommend it as the best and most stable wireless router option you can use.
1	11g wireless cards - You'll probably have better luck with another vendor.
1	4Ghz wireless phones will not just cause interference with the signal, but will cause the router to crash, disconnect both wired and wireless ports and require a "hard" power off reboot.
1	I have to reset the wireless connection on each computer in order to reestablish wireless communication with the router.
1	My tenant has a D-link wireless card and WEP was crappy for him, though it worked fine for me (Orinoco Mini PCI).
1	I purcahsed this particular router thinking that a different brand would not have the same problems as my linksys wireless router.
1	Had a lot of issues trying to get this unit to work in wireless repeater function with a WNDR3700v1.
1	I wanted to upgrade from my Linkysys wireless B network to wireless G.
1	Netgrear was rated highly by PC World, and the price was right so I purchased the WGR614 router and a Netgear wireless G ethernet bridge.
1	I could not get the bridge to communicate with the router nor could I get it to communicate with the Microsoft wireless G card in my 2nd PC.
1	After fiddling with this junk for two days, I decided to request a return and buy Linksys wireless G equipment.
1	I installed this on my existing wireless system hoping to extend the range a short distance to my garage.
1	The range expander increased my wireless range by about 10 feet.
1	The router sent an excellent wireless signal to the adapter in the next room.
1	I would still recommend this router to anyone that doesn't already have a wireless router.
1	but if you are looking for better wireless coverage, you might be disappointed.
1	Though I used the  WRE54G with a Linksys wireless-G router, planned the placement of all network gear carefully according to the Linksys  instructions, and even tried the automatic setup, no connection could be established.
1	This was my first wireless networking experience, using this router and a Linksys USB Wireless Adapter.
1	This happens only with wireless transfers.
1	One long-term solution proposed in several discussion forums is to cut open the top of the plastic enclosure and place a fan blowing onto the wireless chip heatsink.
1	Out of the box, my Linksys WRT54G wireless router was great.
1	The problem is wireless access.
1	The unit has great range and streaming video to my wireless blu-ray had no problems and overall good performance.
1	BUT, just recently without any changes to the unit's setup I started getting drops on the wireless side, almost daily.
1	I replaced my existing wireless router (same model, just decided to die one day) with another one.
1	Now it is very flaky with the wireless part.
1	The wireless part is flaky .
1	I used to connect fine with a WGE101 wireless bridge (never shutdown, but that maybe the problem).
1	My Linksys wireless router went bad in five months (mid-December).
1	He couldn't explain how I could do that if the wireless router was bad .
1	I've had problems with the router dropping wireless connections from the get-go.
1	Bad News: The wireless performance is much worse with the D-Link, all other factors being the same versus the Netgear 11g WAP.
1	This router is great if you are simply setting up a wireless with PC's, but it does not work well with the Sony Playstation2.
1	I setup two wired and three wireless computers.
1	I can understand various things can go wrong with internet and wireless connections such as interferences etc.
1	This is probably a fine wireless router for those who use Windows, but it REALLY doesn't work well with Mac OS X, especially the Mac laptops  (though apparently it does work somewhat for some Mac people).
1	The wireless on this unit, however, was very disappointing.
1	I never benchmarked the wireless speed, but I really wasn't able to.
1	The problem was that the wireless access point from this router would simply disappear randomly.
1	It seemed that the wireless would 'crash' sporadically <i>, and only a full system reset would bring it back up.
1	I speculate baselessly that the very massive amounts of data I was transferring over the wired network was simply too much for the onboard processor to handle, and caused problems with the wireless .
1	In addition to the wireless troubles, I also had no end of trouble with the built-in DHCP server.
1	I get better speed on the GigE ports (marginally, but it's noticeable), the wireless is more reliable <i>, and I don't have to mess with it.
1	The setup was easy, the connection to both the wired and wireless PCs are consistently good.
1	I have tried two wireless routers to date with my IBM Thinkpad w/ Centrino wireless.
1	Linksys technical support even tried to dump me off to IBM technical support, but I just didn't buy it, considering my wireless connections have been fine elsewhere.
1	I have also seen many websites offering this suggestion and that, tweaking the connection software, upgrading firmware, blah blah blah, but honestly, how hard does it have to be to get my wireless network up and running.
1	However, after a few weeks, it started to drop the wireless signal.
1	I really like LinkSys products (wired and wireless routers specifically), but this "range extender" just does not work.
1	Cold booted the router and then reconnected internet cable and re-booted all wireless connections and it worked (for another 48 hours then do it all over again).
1	I purchased the router to replace a DSL wireless router because I changed ISP using coax broadband.
1	It took a couple of minutes for the software to install and I followed the instructions on connecting the wireless router.
1	I followed the ELA directions to enable my laptop to wirelessly connect to the router (make sure you have extra cat5 cable).
1	My laptop has a Linksys wireless card so I was hoping it would not have any compatibility issues.
1	Later when I tried to log back on the wireless router, that's where all the problem and frustration started.
1	I tried downloading the laptop wireless software from the Linksys website but that didn't work.
1	I was able to get an internet access for my desktop but the wireless laptop was still having problems.
1	I noticed on my laptop Linksys wireless software that I can save a profile of the wireless setting which I did.
1	I did notice under laptop wireless software there were options to import settings.
1	Logged off this account and logged on my other accounts and imported that setting into each laptop profile for the wireless software.
1	I have two external 500GB Western Digital hard drives on my desktop that I wanted to setup on a home network so I can access them by wireless laptop.
1	I noticed on my laptop when I refreshed the wireless option that my router was not broadcasting my SSID.
1	I noticed couple of times the wireless signal has been down but then in a few seconds, my wireless laptop reconnects.
1	I have a wireless PDA to connect but haven't tried it yet.
1	I plan on adding an additional wireless laptop and PS2 with a wireless access bridge.
1	5 minutes to add my wireless notebook and a few more minutes for WEP and MAC setup and away it went.
1	While configuring the router is fairly simple, getting devices to connect to your wireless network is problematic <i>, even when using ONLY NetGear products.
1	The adapters seem to have a hard time finding the wireless network and remembering those settings for later.
1	My opinion: spend the extra money and purchase a Linksys or Microsoft wireless network equipment (yes, it works very well).
1	This router worked OK when used with a wired network, but beware if you go wireless!
1	I could not set up a secure wireless network with this router.
1	When I tried to access other computers on the wireless I could not "see" any other computer.
1	I'd be using my wireless laptop and all of a sudden, the laptop would show that the signal was gone.
1	Linksys fails to mention that by installing this unit on your wireless network, that it reduces your internet speed in half.
1	despite reconfiguring the modem and network setup, still no wireless internet available .
1	after plugging everything back in the router would turn on but wouldnt connect to my computer via wire or wireless so i called tech support.
1	I purchased a Belkin N750 DB for half the price of Netgear's current top-end gigabit wireless router.
1	I will also hold onto my 5-year old Belkin F5D8230 as a reliable backup (albeit slower wireless).
1	If you have set up other wireless products and have some patience, you'll get it done, but it is a pain.
1	I cannot connect to it with my Lenovo t420, which has a INTEL wireless N6205 card.
1	I replace my Linksys wireless AP with an Apple Airport Extreme - much more stable.
1	After an hour or 2 of attempting to get this to link my to my brother's weak wireless signal (100+ ft.
1	On the box of the unit was a picture  of a wireless access point do-hickey with which the expander was supposed to work.
1	When I'm closer to the router range, I do get better speed via wireless n.
1	One thing that has helped me with streaming dvd's or other video files over the wireless network is to use VLC player(open source media player) instead of windows media player.
1	I got a Belkin F5D6231-4 wireless router as a replacement for about 90 bucks.
1	A wireless range extender that is good to go right out of the box.
1	I recommend D-link as their wireless repeater comes with a hardwire port for connection and setup.
1	This thing has NO wireless capabilities .
1	However, for a specific case of connecting with a wireless xbox 40' away with 802.
1	I purchased this unit as a replacement for a hard wired router, since my new work laptop had wireless G, and my wife's new laptop also had wireless G.
1	The unit performed well for almost one year, the I started losing the wireless signal when the portable computers were moved only a few ft away.
1	This unit did not even work - no wireless signal generated <i>!
1	7 I lost the ability to disable the wireless function without a power reset.
1	First I tried to use it with a a Netgear wireless router, until I found on the router page that it might not support it, so I bought a new Linksys WRT54G that was guaranteed on the box of the range extender to work.
1	11b wireless router (I gave the old router to a friend - it worked great) because I thought it would be a nice upgrade in speed and performance - WRONG!
1	If you currently own a wireless router (802.
1	I've had this for a few months now, and I still cannot get the router to work when I have wireless access turned on.
1	I'm going to dump my $200+ Linksys wireless net investment and get the Netgear Rangemax.
1	Once it was setup, I found that wireless devices like laptops and iPhone 3G had difficulties picking this device over the weaker Linksys WRT54G wireless router.
1	I think the problem is that this device uses the same SSID as your wireless router.
1	So the only time this device will be really useful is if you are completely outside the range of your wireless router but within range of the range expander.
1	I would suggestion moving to a new wireless N wireless router.
1	Most models also have improved wireless G range over older wireless routers like the Linksys WRT54G.
1	 Have to disable and enable the wireless then it is good for two days again.
1	The guest wireless feature does not work on all devices.
1	It did a decent job with the computer I have wired into it, but to use it for either a wireless laptop, or my wireless tv with the internet apps, has become a nightmare.
1	The wireless connectivity has completely died once or twice, but a quick reboot of the router got it working again.
1	It supports WPA for security, which I believe is one of the more recent/secure methods of wireless security.
1	The wireless response seems a little slow at times when surfing the web, but it could easily be a problem with my Macintosh laptop, considering that I bought my laptop during the same week as this router and I'm still learning how to use it.
1	If you are comfortable with Netgear's products and technical support, and you need a wireless home router for a fair price, you will probably be satisifed with this product.
1	Here is what the features section says RE wireless speed: Faster Wireless Networking - The DIR-655 provides up to 300Mbps* wireless connection with other 802.
1	11n wireless router gives you the freedom of wireless networking at speeds 650% faster than 802.
1	Here is What the specification sections says about wireless speeds.
1	But I really wanted a wireless connection I could use with my work laptop so I could use the VPN and connect to my office network.
1	Wandering with a wireless laptop at DSL speeds is such a convenience.
1	The built-in 4 port hub allows greater flexability and economy in that you can keep an existing hard wired network working while branching out with wireless nodes.
1	Nodes will cost more to set up (compare a.
1	11B products, so mix and match if you get a better deal on wireless NICs.
1	Even my labtops which have great built in wireless cards were getting low Mbps.
1	Not sure if other wireless routers last any longer though as our previous one was a Linksys, and it died after about 3 years as well.
1	It no longer broadcast a wireless signal .
1	I can't connect to wireless <i>, despite strong cable signal.
1	I have been very happy with all of my other Linksys wireless equipment, so when I saw the WRE54G selling on Amazon I was really pleased.
1	Old versions gave horrible performance, wired and wireless.
1	I work for a commercial wireless equipment provider and I can't believe that they could have shipped the original version.
1	But we don't compete, I don't do domestic wireless.
1	After a while we noticed that the wireless would randomly drop after a few minutes.
1	I cured this by adding a commercial wireless device to one of the wired ports.
1	This restored reliable wireless Internet for a month or so, but then the wired side started dropping out.
1	This wireless router seems to have known problems, and D-link has been unresponsive as of yet.
1	I was getting about 7 Mbs on the desktop and 5 Mbs on the wireless devices.
1	Immediately after the router swap I ran the tests again and had over 10 Mbs on all three (50% improvement on the desk top and 100% improvement on the wireless devices).
1	It is supposed to interoperate with older G and B wireless adapters, but it doesn't.
1	I have 3 machines in my house, all wireless.
1	Dlink knows they have a problem interoperating with older wireless adapters, and are trying to fix the situation.
1	This wireless router is not for a mac <i>,.
1	The wireless was very difficult to set up on the Linksys website for security.
1	This generally seems to be an above average wireless router/firewall.
1	I changed my wireless router from Netgear to Linksys because my roommate took away his Netgear router.
1	Whenever 2 or more wireless computers access the network, it goes down.
1	I've heard a lot about the newest Version 4 of the hardware leaving a lot to be desired, but this Version 2 that I have leaves a lot to be desired, at least on the wireless side, as well.
1	While I have not owned this particular router, I did own the previous generation a/b wireless router and the Linksys cable modem.
1	I have used a Netgear switches and routers for many years with no problems, so when upgrading my Netgear FR314 router to a wireless router, I stayed with the Netgear line.
1	I bought this because my existing wireless network was very weak and slow on lower level of my duplex apartment.
1	After the incredibly difficult (I have set up quite a few wireless networks before, and I do IT consulting for a living, so I can only imagine how difficult this must be for someone without networking knowledge to install) setup process, my signal downstairs did improve dramatically, to 95%, but the speed seemed to be reduced even further, to the point where it was near unusable.
1	And it constantly drops wireless connections (with optimal placement and configuration where other wifi routers shine).
1	Virtually any other modern wireless router should easily be better.
1	My only wireless device is a Kindle Fire, which worked o.
1	D-Link d655n also pooped out the wireless after 17 months.
1	So wireless failed before 2  years on both.
1	(lol LIEFTIME WARWRANTY they Say) So my question is: Wassup with running wireless on these products?
1	However, this wireless router I bought to conjoin with my old network and server as a WAP was horrible.
1	I highly recommend to buy a Linksys over the Netgear here, even though Linksys routers are a bit inferior wired for gaming, their wireless ones far exceed Netgear.
1	Not one of the 5 wireless devices that I have connected: 3 B-only devices, 2 B-G laptops.
1	(Detail: I would get a wireless connection to the router but could not get DHCP addresses.
1	My conclusion: Out of the box, you shouldn't expect non-Linksys wireless devices to work with the current incarnation of this router (purchased Dec 23, 2006).
1	Well, I won't invite armchairing by further details, except to state that the router briefly reported itself as running the new firmware, but still wouldn't DHCP my wireless devices, then wouldn't DHCP my wired device, and finally wouldn't respond at all (brick had been achieved).
1	Tonight, I got home and the wireless connections would not work right.
1	swapped out wireless adapters.
1	The place I take issue is this when I had it hooked up at our house I found the wireless would go down every 6 days this was a regular occurrence.
1	Every six days bloop no wireless .
1	After trying a couple other wireless routers in this range that stunk, I settled on the WRT45G, and have been satisfied with the results.
1	(I am not using the Linksys wireless card in my laptop - not sure if/how that would affect speed).
1	It communicates with my ISP/cable modem (Motorla surfboard) just fine, but on the internal network, the dynamic IP allocation did NOT work with my Belkin wireless card, so I had to set up my machines with static IPs on my home network.
1	Both routers I tried were Version-B; however, even though the wireless connection showed 11mpbs, 100% signal strength (since I was only 3feet away), yet was very slow, about 2k transfer from the internet.
1	I got the same slow speed with a direct connection from the PC to the router (not wireless).
1	The wireless is the problem .
1	After a while my laptop and my sons desktop (wireless) would drop, but my wired desktop was fine.
1	I've tried 3 of these routers, all hardwired AND wireless, and all have the same problem - download windows freeze after a few minutes.
1	This is the worst wireless product I've seen and worked with.
1	Being a Microsoft Certified Network Engineer, I consider myself an expert in setting up wireless networking devices like this.
1	So window won't able to control the wireless selection.
1	It also changed my Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) by putting my computer's wireless IP into the IP field, and 255.
1	So even my wireless computer was still able to talk to router, it just couldn't get on the internet!
1	After I changed all those settings back, and disabled my wireless router's encryption, used the Auto Config to make the repeater both lights blue (signaling ok to connected to my wireless router).
1	Sticking with brands that have done great things for me, I purchased the D-Link 655 to increase the wireless bandwidth throughout the house.
1	I use wireless 802.
1	I have 4 PCs I run wired and 1 laptop I want to run wireless.
1	I was so excited to have my laptop connected to the network and DSL with the Linksys wireless card and working great.
1	I couldn't use the wireless feature throughout my house, let alone outside.
1	Meanwhile no wireless in my house until NetGear replaces their defective product or I suck up the loss of the purchase price of this router and buy a new one (not from these folks).
1	I purchased this and the linksys usb wireless network adapter.
1	My old Netgear router work for like 3 years and I got rid of it because it was only 10 mbps and I upgraded to the linksys 100 mbps and I wanted to use the wireless but it looks like I should have gone with netgear.
1	For example, when the WRE54G detects a 54 Mbps connection with a WAP54G, WRT54G or WRT54GS, it will relay approximately half of the transmission rate to the wireless clients that are connected to it.
1	In this case, the wireless client will connect at a speed of approximately 22 Mbps.
1	A much more important concern; I use my router for streaming Netflix to my tv (wireless) and for gaming on my computer (ethernet cable).
1	I have also run into streaming issues with wireless connects to my TV.
1	The wireless feature completely failed .
1	I tried two different Linksys devices, a pci adapter and wireless ethernet bridge.
1	I also realized an increased range and a much higher wireless speed compared to my Linksys WRT54GX.
1	What really bugged me was how often I lost my wireless .
1	We have this router and 2 of the wireless usb connections too in my home.
1	I called service and got hung up on bt 2 reps, the 3rd rep kept going over the same items and when i told him I was hooked up with a wire he insisted the issue was with the wireless settings.
1	The set-up was easy and the hard-wired part of the router worked, but it didn't broadcast any wireless signal .
1	11b adapters were not able to get the wireless link .
1	I purchased a Netgear WGR614 wireless router 6 months ago and it failed a couple of weeks ago.
1	This is the second Netgear wireless router I've had that has done this.
1	After a few hours the NetGear WNDR3700 went offline, amber light, and through various attempts cannot connect wirelessly, via cable, update firmware or even reset default factory settings to troubleshoot issues with the router.
1	However, in the last two days, it has been going out to lunch for no reason that I can see: while the unit shows activity on its Internet and  wireless LEDs, and it continues to show up in a scan for wireless networks, it will not issue DHCP leases on the LAN side, and it will not respond to ICMP pings from either the WAN or the LAN sides.
1	Since NetGear says my support options all involve me paying money, I expect to buy a new wireless router with a different brand label.
1	That is, until I tried to configure the wireless network for it.
1	I'm not a newbie to wireless networking or networking in general (in fact, I managed a large CISCO-based WAN/LAN for 6 years).
1	No matter how I configured this router, I could not get the wireless network to stay up for more that a couple minutes at a time.
1	I tried connecting with three different machines (each with a different wireless-g adapter) that worked fine on my old wireless router.
1	In addition to the wireless problems, the router would also drop my wired connections every so often just for the heck of it.
1	Since you must setup the unit wirelessly (no ethernet connection is available) whatever wireless connection you are using to setup the unit must not be in range of any other wireless domain but your own.
1	Whenever I tried to configure the unit using my wpc54g equiped laptop, my laptop would loose the original wireless connection to my network and connect to my neighbors wireless router instead of the wre54g.
1	The basic wireless (A/G/N) seems to work well, though the A/N range is disappointing.
1	I eventually was able to get it to join with my existing linksys wireless network in a way that is not covered by the documentation.
1	its not the network cards fault, this computer was connected wireless from 3 stories up with the $30 Linksys, mind you, and cannot with a $120 peice of garbage.
1	I have tried changing the network cables, switching between wired and wireless connections, etc etc, but none of them helps.
1	The only good thing I see with this is good wireless signal strength.
1	After a series of tests on my modem, computer, laptop, wii, roommates laptop, iphone and other devices I realized it was definitely the wireless router.
1	It worked fine for a week and then the wireless component stopped working .
1	But, this is the third Linksys home wireless router I have bought over the last three years, and ALL of them have taken returning them, until I get one that is actually made correctly, and I spend hours tweaking them and becoming "friends" with the technical people at Linksys--most of whom are not the "brightest pennies in the roll".
1	If you need a wireless router that works every time and your are not constantly unplugging it to reset it, spend more money and get one that works.
1	While configuring it is very nice and easy, the router needs to be rebooted after every few hours of use or it will drop its wireless connection .
1	I am out shipping, and without wireless service for two weeks 2) I pay non-refundable $17.
1	The Belkin router won out for three reasons: First, it beat the D-Link in range (distance) tests: It was able to sustain a wireless signal across a greater distance and at a greater strength than the D-Link DIR-655.
1	I had this router for 2 months and it stopped sending out the wireless signal .
1	It could just be me, but I had a hard time keeping this thing connected to my wireless router.
1	Setup was easy, I got my internet connection up and running in about 5 minutes, and got all my wireless security settings up and running in another 15.
1	So for now I'm back on my trusty Linksys, without wireless support, but given the reliability I've experienced between the two brands, I'm going to buy a Linksys wireless router instead.
1	After that, the wireless signal would drop out and not even broadcast the ssid.
1	The wireless signal would not broadcast .
1	It is fast, but I am not getting the extended wireless range that I had hoped.
1	This router does work well out of the box and supports wireless, which works pretty much out of the box as well.
1	after a year of usage, the wireless connections drop about once every 2 weeks.
1	It has very good router features as well as wireless security features.
1	com to read about the wireless security issue you will know that WEP is not secure and WPA is so much better and will become the new standard.
1	And believe me you could use a lot of them if you are new to wireless or like to try out different settings (like me).
1	I had a hell of time to get the wireless to work when I was talking to Linksys tech rep using my 2.
1	Note: On 9/16/2003, Linksys' web site has changed WRT54G's product description (you have to go the product tab->wireless router to see the new WRT54G) which added WPA feature.
1	Okay, I've been hunting for a wireless router for a long time.
1	I purchased a router and a wireless USB access point so that I could connect my wife's laptop to the broadband internet connection we had set up.
1	I then brought my wife's laptop into the room and set up the wireless connection, which seemed to work fine.
1	Needless to say, I have returned the router and wireless access port to Amazon, at the cost of the shipping.
1	I don't know whether I am going to try another wireless product or not, but I do know that your company will have to work very hard to convince me that your products are worthy of my consideration in the future.
1	CONS: (NOTE: I am using a linksys wireless 802.
1	- The lagging occurs even while WIRED to the router, so it is not the wireless feature that has this problem.
1	This device, (wired or wireless) only occasionally (1 of 10 times) lets you FTP files.
1	11b wireless router in the market, this is not worth the price or the trouble.
1	 Defeating the purpose of having a wireless connection <i>, (while leaving the other people without internet for the time I need to ftp files).
1	Also the range on this router is crap I use to be able to go and mow my lawn while walking around w/ my droid connected wirelessly streaming music from Pandora with no problems now with this router I can not make it half as far as the 5 year old D-Link I had previously before the music cuts out to buffer.
1	As other people already mentioned, avoid this wireless router with the version number 4.
1	Three days ago, I started to experiencing wireless drops on my MacBook where I would reset the router, only to have another drop 3 to 5 minutes later.
1	The next day, I couldn't get the DNS server to assign me an IP address when connecting though the wired or wireless port.
1	My laptop connects to other wireless routers with no problems but connecting to this netgear router is intermittent (even when I set my laptop right next to the router).
1	The second one I owned worked fine for about a month before the wireless capability stopped working altogether.
1	I have had (and still have) several wireless routers from different companies.
1	I have two wireless connections and a wired computer to this router and I would have to recommend not purchasing this router.
1	After installing this router I noticed a CONSIDERABLE slowing of both wireless and wired internet.
1	I haven't been able to use the 5 Ghz band yet since I don't have a suitable wireless adapter but the 2.
1	5 Ghz band has very good range and throughput and I haven't had any dropout problems like I did with the DIR-655 even after switching to the Ralink drivers and wireless manager.
1	It offers WPA2 for wireless security and I was up and running under 5 minutes of turning it on.
1	If you are looking for a wireless router that has great hardware performance and is easy to setup and use this is a great product.
1	If you want a wireless router that has a lot of configuration options look elsewhere.
1	all looked good, but no wireless device was able to connect through extender to router and internet- despite seeing the extender.
1	Only good thing I have to say about linksys is their chat system reconnects instantly if router/wireless/internet goes down- and the subsequent session was able to reconnect with same rep and not have to regurgitate my history.
1	I am not happy about it's near useless wireless signal,it took me two days to finish set up right.
1	I bought this router as a replacement for my aging linksys wrt-54, and while the router is easy to setup and use, and the speed is pretty good when using a newer 'n' wireless capable machine, the featureset and stability is less than great.
1	It will, in a time of between several minutes to 24 hours, cause the wga54g to lock up and lose it's internet connection, with the wireless light staying lit solidly.
1	The WRE54g listed two MAC ID's, one for device itself and another one for my wireless devices to see on the network (At least that's what I think).
1	My wireless pc is two floors up.
1	Except, my wireless pc upstairs saw the device and the signal boost.
1	Just remember to reboot any other wireless pc's on the network and you should be good to go.
1	For those looking to use this as a wireless repeater base station with Netgear's own wireless bridges, please note: WPA/WPA2 security is NOT supported, only WEP.
1	But the wireless connection dies intermittently <i>, sometimes as often as several times a day!
1	I replaced a Belkin Pre-N wireless router that I've used forever.
1	It works great, took about 10 minutes to setup, and no problems getting to the VPN, and we finally have the option to connect wirelessly, which also works great.
1	I used it for about 3 months, for sharing a broadband internet connection at home, with very frequent resets, connection losts, I sometimes had to turn it off and on to get my laptop's wirelessly connected because it sometimes refuse to give me an ip address.
1	If you need a wireless router, go with D-Link or Belkin instead.
1	After 3 months of working satisfactorily, the router drops wireless and wired connections.
1	The Gateway is hardwired to the router, the laptop wireless via a Linksys wireless PC card.
1	HOWEVER, I could not access my corporate e-mail account with the laptop, either using the wireless Linksys PC card or using a hard-wired connection with the Dell's built in 10/100 3com NIC card.
1	3 Went and changed my wireless properties to a static IP 192.
1	I'm a tech-head so naturally I wanted to go wireless just for the fun of it.
1	To make it more interesting I decided to extend my existing wired network with the Linksys wireless router.
1	So I plugged my network cable into the UPLINK port of my wired router and into the WAN port of my wireless router (there are 4 DOWNLINK ports and one WAN port.
1	) Now, it would seem more logical to plug the network cable from UPLINK port to UPLINK port, but there isn't one on the wireless router.
1	I connected with the router and proceeded to set it up; disabled DHCP, changed the local IP, modified the wireless security, etc.
1	After a couple frustrating days I finally realized that DOWNLINK PORT 4 is the UPLINK PORT on the wireless router!
1	Let me first say the router is not stable in keeping the wireless connection.
1	Router would hang up on wireless every one or two days.
1	I bought one of these, then had to go back to BB to purchase a LinkSys wireless router because my older Netgear wouldn't work with it.
1	Once the new router was up I once again went through the pain of programming the WRE54G but in the end it did nothing to extend my wireless network in our home.
1	The laptop 100' from the wireless router and 10' from the WRE54G would constantly pick up the router instead of the Range Expander.
1	If my wife unhooks the laptop and moves closer to the wireless router she still has a network connection.
1	However even when it was set up it didn't do what it was supposed to - Extend the Range of my wireless network.
1	my router is located about 40 feet from my customary notebook work area and i have frequently been unable to access internet through the wireless and had to use the desktop.
1	d-link dir 655 "extreme" n wireless router is definitely "extreme"ly difficult.
1	I now have 4 computers on, 3 wireless and 1 ethernet.
1	The main problem I had was that the wireless would freeze every once in a while and a reboot was needed to 'unfreeze' it .
1	It replaced my old D link 802 11b wireless router that is also good on the lan port but the wireless coverage is pretty bad .
